I am dreaming. The world is oblong-scaled and crystalline, with reflections in perpetual motion. Aquamarine light pours through the tall windows.  I turn from the ruins of the conference room, then the front entry, and spy a lone gallery within the sunset city. Buildings here are towers of grisaille and gold, coral-veined stone, obsidian walls, with shimmering glass bridges nearby. The light shifts and shadows elongate, taking on the forms of winged creatures as waves crash on the distant stone shore that borders the city. 

There is a vast ash-colored tree nearby. Its branches stretch wide into the sky, fully developed, and bursting with leaves and intricate bird nests.  On its towering branches are many small living creatures, some of them recognizable, some of them not. The branches are intertwined, forming an enormous leafy canopy that covers all that dwell beneath it.  The tree stands tall and still, with its roots reaching deep into the ground, holding it firm against the ravages of traffic and weather.

I feel somehow drawn into the tree; the pull is irresistible. Iziben, the winged creature, with midnight blue feathers, glowing underneath the branches, and I feel compelled to follow her across a foggy grey hollow in shadow and quiet.

She moves through an intriguing portal into another time and space, and I follow her into an endless cosmic labyrinth made of living stone, seashells, and amethyst that glows in a thousand different shades of mauve.  She moves like she knows exactly where she’s going, like she’s been here before, and this doesn’t surprise me at all, I can’t explain why.  The light here glimmers with hints of deep indigo, burgundy, and teal, but it is soft, somber, and not glaringly bright.

The labyrinth is magnificent, with equal parts of danger and beauty.  The walls, ceilings, and floors are made of smooth crystalline surfaces, and the air here is thick and heavy, almost tangible.  It looks and feels like jelly, and my whole being is aware that not everything is as it seems. Iziben occasionally flickers in and out of view, as do many other living beings in the labyrinth, appearing and disappearing in the shadows, going deeper, and deeper.

Iziben leads me to a vast chamber where the walls are alive with glowing amethyst. The walls seem to pulse and breathe like a heartbeat, with a music that thrums and vibrates deep within your soul. The space is filled with seemingly endless keys and secrets, each more mesmerizing than the last. The sound of the keys is soothing and complex, intricate and harmonious. Iziben places a glowing key in my hand and looks at me with luminous golden eyes. It weighs more than a thousand worlds.

Suddenly, I spin, and a thick gray-pink fog surrounds me, and everything shifts.  The fog thickens, distorting the air, music, and colors. The fog smells of spice and decay, making my mind swirl in a haze. I feel like I am falling endlessly, but at the same time, I am moving upward and out.  I reach the surface, rising from the fog into a rosy haze of muted corals, yellows, and a blazing fiery pink glow.  

Looking around, I notice a vista of rolling emerald hills, surrounded by a breathtakingly clear blue sky, and the sunlight bores in with a golden brilliance, streaming into my eyes as though dazzling my vision on purpose. I hear gentle waves, see the rippling water of the vast ocean, and my attention is drawn away by a great, gleaming golden ship on the horizon.

A dark shadow moves across the ship, massive in size, and a rush of imaging reels out. I see Aegan, with ivory skin and deep blue eyes, appearing at the ship’s deck with knowledge of arcane secrets and ancient powers, with warriors arrayed in bronze and silver, some of them wielding weapons as tall as trees.  The universe is slower here, more portentousness.

Aegan looks at me directly, his eyes burning with determination. “You have reached this place, and you will now open my destiny, the secret pathways that will show us the way,” he says. He knows that I am there, and I know that I am there, even though it is all so dreamlike.  I look over my shoulder, at the ship’s massive bow that stretches far into the golden haze, and realize with certainty that he is telling the absolute truth. 

A sudden loud noise rouses me, and I realize that the door at the other end of the crescent-shaped room is being pushed open.  A whirlwind of images jumbles together, flashes of light, a shadow, and a moment of falling.  Before I can catch my breath, I wake up. 

And then I realize that the ringing in my ears is the sound of my alarm clock.