I am dreaming. While some dreams I have experienced have been boring, dull, or scattered with fragmented sequences, this dream looked, felt, and seemed real. The memory begins with me standing in an empty, narrow hallway with concrete walls, a cement floor, exposed pipes on the ceiling, and flickering lighting overhead. There is no sound except for my quiet breathing, and an overwhelming and vague sense of dread. I rotate to my left, then to my right, and then back. As I was observing the location, the scene before me spiraled into a dark vortex and left me in silence and blackness. Pulsating waves of light emerged from its center as they grew and formed forward, becoming animals running toward me for a short time that later returned back into the spinning void of light. As the image coalesced into miles of cubicle office space, I was disoriented for a moment, observing the new environment and hearing the faint sound of a man’s voice quietly speaking to himself as he walked past my row. I felt a distinct sense of panic consume me and I instinctively curled into a ball. The background around me faded to black, save the few lights overhead from a faraway ceiling. I heard the voices of many others talking and moving around me. While they were loud, I couldn’t make out what they were saying. One voice in particular commanded my attention, and as I reflexively stood up, the background around me contorted and reformed into the shape of a narrow city street and I stood over a storm drain, looking into it. Rain came down heavily as I observed myself as if through a ghostly lens, my bangs plastered to my forehead as I reached into the drain and pulled something up. The view switched and I saw a gold-toothed skeleton submerged in pouring rain inside the drain. Stumbling backward, the view shifted again and I stood further away from the drain and observed this version of myself reaching into the drain with my left hand. The rain continued to come down as I pulled something from the drain, and I watched myself fall backward. The scene shifted again and I found myself standing inside a wide but narrow hallway, which appeared to be a dorm area. My vision sharpened into focus, and I observed two rows of dorm rooms with their doors open, and inside voices speaking and laughing together. The door on the opposite end of the hallway closed. Wondering where I was, I proceeded to walk forward and observed the doors and dorms on each side of the hallway, all open and with people inside. As I walked, I listened, and felt a mix of eagerness and dread simultaneously in the pit of my stomach as I realized the door ahead of me on the left must be mine. As I walked past each dorm room, I heard a voice that seemed to echo from nowhere in particular continue to whisper to me, commanding me to walk forward. I observed the left door of each section and as I passed each door, the voices inside would abruptly stop speaking. With only the door on the other end of the hallway and the door that felt like mine, I wondered if I would be allowed to enter it. Approaching where I had to turn to my door, I continued walking forward. As I walked closer to the left door of the section, I saw the door was dark and open, only slightly, and as I reached my hand, I heard voices inside speaking quietly. As I almost pushed the door open, I was stopped and forced to turn toward the darker hall ahead of me and walk toward the door on the opposite end. At first, everything seemed quiet, but as I walked forward toward what I only assumed was my door, the concrete hallway trembled, the rows of dorm doors left behind me disappeared, and I found myself inside a black void, listening to voices of people laughing together. After a moment, I heard my own voice speak to myself from some other place. The voice was cold, lifeless, yet clear, and said, “I don’t think you’re supposed to be here.” 

“This is a fine place to be, and it’s fine you’re here.” 
I stood paralyzed, not believing what I was hearing, and the image around me seemed to shift, a charging mass of screaming creatures all around me fragmented by shattering glass as I heard my voice from elsewhere, loudly commanding,

“Get out!” 

The scene violently tore apart and found me sitting upright in my bed, screaming with a pulsating headache.