I am dreaming. I slowly sink into slumber, the weight of consciousness dissipating. The world around me fades to shades of gray before bright flashes of light pierce through the blackness. Strings of color stretch out from my mind into the void, cinching together, stitching together a tapestry that blurs reality and fantasy. My eyes flick open, but it is not the sight of my bedroom I see, rather, a world bathed in hypervivid color and sound.

The air has a faint taste to it—something sharp and metallic. It reminds me of the feeling of a thunderstorm approaching. In the distance, the sound of a harp echoes, and every note rips through me in waves of sweetness. There is a sour tang to every sour note, an entire symphony playing a dance between bitter and sweet.

The colors are unimaginably clear. They erupt from the sounds, blending and weaving themselves into an ever-changing prism. A flash of red and orange blooms to life as a drum beats, the color feels warm, almost hot to the touch. The faint buzzing of a fly's wings sends a flash of sickly green that almost clogs my mind with its sourness.

As the dream stretches, the synethesia grows deeper. It becomes a language I can use to communicate—shapes, tones, textures all twist together into something greater than myself. The music is no longer just heard. It is tasted, smelled, felt. It is a living being that shifts and moves on its own.

Without warning, my voice emerges into the world. It is not my normal voice. The sound comes out as a deep, resonant tone, wrapping itself in hues of indigo and violet. The taste of the music is more than intoxicating. It is breathtaking. The colors begin to shift, darken, and brighten in unison.

I taste chocolate swirling through my tongue without hesitation as a blissful melody wraps itself around me. There is such a synesthetic power in the moment that it feels as though my mind is fracturing, unable to contain all of the experience pouring into it.

The dream shifts and stretches without warning, and as I snap awake, the sounds still reverberate in my mind—a memory of colors that tell a story far beyond the realm of language.