I am dreaming. You discover you can easily manipulate others by exploiting their weaknesses, giving you significant power over them. With this new realization about your ability to control people, you decide to imagine what you might do with this power. At first, the possibilities are exhilarating and overwhelming, as the potential for both destruction and greatness become evident. You wonder what you would do if you had this ability in the real world. You picture the people around you and start plotting different scenarios. 

You imagine yourself walking down the street and stopping to talk to a homeless man. Using your newfound power, you could convince him to leave the streets and try to get a job. You imagine telling him that he has the potential to do great things and that he deserves more than what he has now. You could convince him to put his skills to use, perhaps by becoming a successful entrepreneur. You smile to yourself, imagining the possibilities this newly empowered person could bring to the world. 

You continue to walk down the street and see a young woman sitting on a bench. She seems sad and lost, as if she's carrying the weight of the world on her shoulders. You approach her and begin to speak. You tell her that you can see the potential within her and that she has the strength to overcome anything that comes her way. You convince her to seek help, to find a therapist or counselor who can guide her through her struggles. You smile to yourself as she thanks you, realizing that you've just given her the tools to turn her life around.

As you walk through the city, you begin to think of other ways in which you could use your new power. Maybe you could convince someone to hire a certain person, knowing that they would be a valuable asset to the company. Or maybe you could convince a politician to push for legislation that would help the environment. The possibilities seem endless.

But then you start to wonder if you're truly helping people, or if you're just manipulating them for your own gain. What's the difference between helping someone and controlling them? You start to feel conflicted, unsure of whether you're using your new power for good or evil.

You wake up from the dream, still pondering the questions it raised. What would you do if you had the power to control others? Would you use it for good, or for evil? Or is it even possible to do both? As you lie awake, you realize that the power to control others is a dangerous thing, and that it should be used carefully and thoughtfully, if at all.