I am dreaming. I'm in an art museum, at first, on a docent-led tour that turns out to be unfamiliar. There is a courtyard with a garden and some large stone letters - I and E - that don't seem to mean anything. Allusions to ancient Greek alphabet connections make for a dull explanation by the docent through a monotone voice. 
As a group of us continue on the tour, we enter a long dark hallway lit only by a large painting at the end. The painting is surreal. There's an old ship, floating in the air across an ocean of stars. Golden light radiates out from the bow, and tiny waves lapping at the hull shed sparks that threaten to set fire to the midnight firmament. 

The docent begins to explain a hypothetical short story of how the artist visited this particular museum regularly in his childhood, and how he painted this as a sort of escape. Something about it bothers me. Someone in the group asks if the artist was an astronomer. The docent compares her shoes to a pair of bowling shoes and doesn't answer the question. The tour lags, people start to shuffle. She leads us to another area of the museum.

When we step out of the hallway, a black screen falls from the ceiling. The entire group begins to panic. The dream sequence gets unrealistically dark for a moment. The lights are turned off. People start whispering, and the painting starts to move through the hallway into the next room. We are ushered into a dark space that feels like we're walking across the ocean of stars from the ship in the painting. 

The ship is there. Or, rather, was - the painting has become the ship and moved into the next room. The stars are somehow more real. We get separated. I'm alone again. The tour group is gone, and the whispers become unintelligible whispers I can't understand. I'm standing in the bow of the ship. It's moving so fast. Black is below me; stars above me. The wind in my face, the sharpness. Everything smells of licorice and saltwater. Golden sparks fly from the hull, and I want to cry.