I am dreaming. I'm excited to play my guitar but then the remember the email...

Wait. This is a dream. I can do anything.I will not check my notifications. I get my guitar instead. 

Yellow sunlight streams through the lattice work as I sit on the veranda playing and singing freely. The music drifts beyond the garden gate and into the alley. It bounces off the red brick walls of the terraced houses opposite and disappears into the blue sky above the rooftops.

Suddenly, the garden gate opens. Standing in the doorway is the grey tabby cat from number 10 and behind him a young blond boy. The boy looks at me intently and smiles saying "Thank you!". He pushes forward and gently places a small parcel wrapped in brown paper onto the wooden step outside the door before quietly taking the cat's paw and disappearing back down the garden path.

I am surprised but curious. I get up slowly, put my guitar down carefully and lift the parcel. It feels quite light. I take it back inside on to the round kitchen table. 

With delight and excitement I open the gift. Inside is a small book entitled "The Little Prince." I smile. It must have been the boy who gave it to me as a thank you for the music. 

I creep quietly back out into the garden lying back in the sun, open the book and begin to read. As I pause, looking up from the pages, three sparrows suddenly land on our garden gate - a beautiful sight.

Absorbed in the book and the magic of the moment, I feel a peaceful joy rising within me.

The bell above the kitchen door rings. I stand up and walk reluctantly back inside. A neighbour I don't recognize is standing in my kitchen, head down, fiddling with his phone, oblivious to my presence. I speak gently "Hello..." but he does not hear me. He hasn't heard the bell either and doesn't recognize it's his phone that is ringing loudly. Bemused, I simply watch him for a moment. Eventually, he notices me and we smile at each other. He answers his phone and utters a greeting... The neighbour leaves ...

Breathing deeply, I smile. This has indeed been a remarkable dream!

***

Caution: This is written by an artificial intelligence.