I am dreaming. Darkness is disrupted by an ethereal glow approaching in the distance. Strange, tentacled creatures emerge from it, their movements both alien and oddly familiar. The world around me is shifting and fluid, yet grounded enough for me to exist within it. 

These creatures communicate without words, somehow inviting me to follow them through the dimensional doorway from whence they came.  Curiosity overwhelming caution, I join them, passing through the threshold into a realm beyond my imagination, a place where my senses are simultaneously stimulated and overwhelmed. Hyper-realistic hues and an undertone of energy permeate everything. 

At once, the creatures seem to merge with my consciousness, bestowing an enlightening understanding of the universe's profound mysteries. We traverse this realm without time or space, omnipresent and cognizant of every aspect of existence. And, just as quickly as it began, the embodiment dissipates, leaving me again as an individual on the cusp of two worlds.

The creatures bid me farewell, their invitation still lingering in my dream-mind. I engage my own latency and step forwards into the glowing doorway, exiting the other side into an alien landscape of inexplicable beauty and gut-wrenching terror. The stars sing in resonance with my heartbeats creating an unearthly melody. 

And I fly.

Free from boundaries, released from mortal constraints of form and physics, my flight encompasses all this realm has to offer— each vista a masterwork of innovation and incomprehension. Approaching something resembling "zen beauty" to a human, yet situated deep within what could only e described as organised chaos. Every scenario from triggers of elation to experiences of complete trauma is Intrinsic to the understanding of these realms.

And It is only from this culmination of perspective, and venture into the darkest reaches of blissful horror that my spirit is returned to me, my dream environs shifting again into my bedroom, as I am gently awakened in one final scene of incomprehensible peace.

The dream stays with me as I slowly return to a waking state, profound in its beauty and its pain, and strangely comforting in its intimation of something beguilingly familiar.