...learn to darn socks. Not fight dragons. Not learn blacksmith skills, although fascinating, and not decipher an ancient language scrawled across cathedral walls. Just...darn socks.

I'd stumbled, dizzy and disoriented, from what felt like a swirling vortex of paisley wallpaper (my old bedroom, perhaps?) directly onto the cobblestone alley of, without a doubt, Victorian-era London. Thick pea-fog clung to everything, swirling tendrils clinging to gaslights flickering with an oily, sputtering glow.  Gentlemen and ladies in impeccably dark, slightly grim suits strode past, unseeing and largely unwanting of a strangely-dressed (cargo shorts *absolutely* don’t pass) newcomer staring open-mouthed at horse-drawn omnibuses. 

After a desperate, confusing first hour of blinking bewilderedly and narrowly avoiding collisions with various street animals (including a particularly haughty badger), I finally managed to ask for a nearby inn. “The Sleepy Cat,” a surprisingly welcoming landlady named Elspeth assured me from behind a mountain of embroidered cushions and teacoffs. 

But after settling in - a tiny, cozy room smelling of lavender and woodsmoke – the stark, chilling truth set in. My phone, obviously, was a paperweight. Credit cards were magical useless discs. Knowledge of astrophysics was spectacularly irrelevant as a means of procuring food, shelter, or, most crucially… warm extremities in this persistently damp climate. 

Observing guests huddled by the coal fire with thick stockings pulled high and wrapped with hand-made bandages revealed the root of my new predicament.  A young chimney sweep, shivering despite layers of tattered clothing, had dramatically pointed out the gaping hole blooming on his sock. “Awful drafts, they be! Makes you cough for days.” 

Then, the innkeeper’s wife, Agnes, a robust woman with flour dusted on her apron, noticed my distress, likely triggered by my frantic attempts to explain the 21st century using mime. "Dear child," she clucked, "you look lost and chilly. You need warmth! Look there!" She gestured to a basket filled with oddly colourful yarn scraps, several pairs of ripped socks in various stages of abandonment, and an unassuming, sharp instrument.



Agnes proceeded to give  (in extremely clipped Victorian English – apparently, explaining a sewing tutorial in the twenty-first century is vastly different than trying to do it through facial expression). "First, ye secure the hole with a stitch...a running stitch, mind!  Then ye wind the yarn – cleverly, mind – to reinforce, like a little mountain of protection against those blasted chills.” She’s demonstrated the technique countless times, her wrinkled fingers swift and precise moving with a rhythm passed down through generations. A skill practically disappeared.




And just… like that, warmth became tied to the ability to repair the basic fabrics and socks. It's a humbling realization. In trying to grasp technological mastery from this dream. The key for survival was not coding. It wasn’t astrophysics. It would require learning to turn tattered rags into a protection that would allow for the simple act living comfortably through a new time era.




So that's what I dreamt. The unexpected task was darning socks in the midst of a confusing Victorian landscape.




Now, if only I could remember how it goes and how to use knitting needles...