...walk away. The words were like shrapnel, piercing the comfortable bubble of our friendship, leaving behind a bitter aftertaste.  

Liam's face was flushed, his usually jovial eyes clouded with anger.  We were arguing about something that, in the harsh light of day, felt both trivial and crucial. My words, sharp and tinged with frustration, hung in the air between us, no longer friendly but cold and hard-hitting. Liam claimed I wasn't taking our shared dream seriously enough.

Our enduring ambition – a shared dream since childhood – had been to create a traveling bookshop, a haven of literacy in the tiny, neglected villages we imagined as young adventurers. To him, it was a call to rebel against corporate greed by bringing the joy of reading back to forgotten corners. To me, it was a bookstore on wheels, spreading stories across the land.

But we had drifted apart in our interpretations. His plans involved a solar-powered caravan and pushing fair-trade, ethically sourced books across Europe, desperately trying to revitalize our local library system ravaged by budget cuts. Mine were more ambitious - a chaotic, but charming, steam-powered vessel, loaded with books bound for faraway, fantastical lands.

He argued, "This is about helping people, not about profits, Cassie! You have to see the bigger picture."

"But Liam! Don't you think there's room for a little whimsy in such a grand endeavor?" I retorted, gesturing impatiently towards the crammed shelves of the steam-powered bookshop that we'd only just managed to haul to this, the first rural village we'd finally planned on visiting. We, my much more practical friend and I, had disagreed about the bookshop's design, fuel source, and the best route to take on our literary odyssey.

"Simplifying the system? A train? To spread the power of knowledge?”  He scoffed, words like mini daggers aimed at the heart of my argument, “Where are we gonna get the money for that?”

In our heated debate over the "Cassandra's Bookshop on Wheels" project, assets like our undying love for Sylvia Plath's poetry had apparently become collateral damage. I feel a deep sense of guilt at the thought it wouldn't be enough to raise the funds it needs to keep opposing forces them going.


So, yes, I know where,” I say, my voice softer, more conciliatory. That's when I realized the elephant in the room – or, in this case, the train on the dusty road



 at the heart of our journey. It wasn't any ethics debate, this wasn't about economics or practicality. This was about our shared love of words, of escaping into tales and worlds beyond our own four walls. We can't forget that."

I imagine Liam scowering the library for his favorite dusty, worn out poetry book, holding it tightly

as if it were the only thing keeping him afloat.   That wouldn't be the case, would it?"



He scoffs, "Only one person in the whole town will even care enough to download the app. A local charity, no electric caravans around here, Sar


"There's no way a pub will ever feel the poetic spirit," I say, sighing in defeat. "It's just...it's just not practical, Liam."

"Practical? This isn’t about practicality, Cassie! It's about... passion. About honoring our boy “

hood


dream... "

