I stood out like a sore thumb among the sea of familiar faces. Everyone seemed to know each other, and I was starting to feel like a ghost hovering on the periphery of the party.

I scanned the room frantically, searching for a glimpse of the one person I knew would be there. There was Alex, my ex-girlfriend, and I had a history that went way back. We had broken up a few months ago, but it still felt like yesterday that I was with her.

I approached a group of energetic young people, laughing and chatting with each other. They parted to let me through, eyeing me warily with curiosity. I made my way through the crowd, trying to find a connection, any spark of recognition that might lead me to Alex.

As I turned a corner, I caught sight of Alex standing by the refreshments, chatting with a woman from a nearby table. She turned and saw me approaching, a big smile on her face.

"Hey!" she said, opening her arms for a hug. "I was starting to think you were just going to ignore me."

I forced a smile and leaned in for a kiss. "I'm so sorry, I got lost in the crowd," I said, trying to play it cool. "I've been looking everywhere for you."

The woman was tall and blonde, with a firm handshake. "I'm Rachel," she said, as she pulled back and examined me.

I couldn't help but notice that Rachel's eyes seemed a little...different. They were a lighter shade of blue than I remembered, and there was something almost...unusual about her expression.

"Alex, this is Rachel," she said, as she introduced us. "We were just talking about something you did that night."

My heart sank. What did she mean? I couldn't believe I had a record for breaking into my own apartment.

"What are you talking about?" I demanded, trying to sound nonchalant.

Rachel leaned in close, her voice barely above a whisper. "You remember, don't you? The night we broke into your apartment and you were all crazy?"

I felt a surge of panic. Could it be true? Was I really that crazy? I looked at Alex, who was watching us with a puzzled expression.

"Uh, yeah," I said, trying to explain. "I...I don't know what you're talking about."

But it was too late. Rachel's eyes were locked on mine, and I could feel the weight of her gaze like a physical force. I knew I was going to be in trouble.