...find a way to survive and understand where I am. I look around and see that I'm in a small village surrounded by rolling hills and dense forests. The thatched roofs of the cottages are a deep golden brown, and the air is thick with the smell of wood smoke and baking bread.

As I walk through the village, I notice that the people are dressed in clothing from a bygone era - long skirts, breeches, and tunics. They seem to be going about their daily lives, oblivious to my presence. I approach one of the villagers, an elderly woman stirring a large cauldron over an open fire.

"Excuse me," I say, trying to sound calm and non-threatening. "Where am I? What year is this?"

The woman looks up at me, startled, and then squints as if trying to place me. "You're in Ashwood," she says slowly. "And it's the year of our Lord 1356."

I feel a jolt of surprise. 1356? That's the Middle Ages! I've somehow traveled back in time.

The woman eyes me warily, but continues to stir the cauldron. "You're not from around here, that's for sure. What brings you to Ashwood?"

I take a deep breath and try to explain, but I realize that my modern language and references will be lost on her. I simplify my story. "I'm a traveler. I was...lost. I don't know how I got here."

The woman nods sympathetically. "You're welcome to rest here for a while. But you'll need to earn your keep. We don't get many strangers in Ashwood."

I nod gratefully, understanding that I'll need to prove myself in order to survive. I look around and see that the villagers are working together to harvest crops, tend to animals, and repair buildings. I spot a young man struggling to load a heavy sack onto a horse.

"I can help with that," I say, stepping forward.

The young man looks at me uncertainly, but nods. Together, we load the sack and secure it to the horse's back.

The elderly woman watches us, a small smile on her face. "You're strong, I'll give you that. But you'll need to learn our ways if you're to stay."

I nod, feeling a sense of determination. I'll do whatever it takes to survive in this new era and figure out how to get back home. As I work alongside the villagers, I begin to feel a sense of purpose and belonging. But I know that I still have much to learn, and that my journey is only just beginning.