are trying not to feel overwhelmed as you scramble to come up with a plan. You remember seeing a similar project on the internet before, but it was for professionals with more experience than your colleagues here. You frantically rush around the office, searching for notes, diagrams, or anything that could give you an edge in meeting this impossible deadline.

You eventually gather all the resources and materials you can find. However, even these fail to provide a clear path forward due to the complexity of the project. It's as if your boss has tasked you with painting a masterpiece while also assembling a full rocket ship - both objectives are challenging but one could be achieved, the other might seem impossible based on past experience.

You start feeling desperate and unsure if this task is even achievable within the given time frame. Your coworkers keep offering advice or suggestions in an effort to help, but you can see they're just as puzzled as you by the looming deadline. 

Just when you think everything's going downhill, your boss walks into your office. He looks worried too. He explains that due to a sudden company merger, all projects have been put on high priority and given strict deadlines. This project is no exception; he insists it has significant importance for the company’s future growth and cannot be postponed or delayed.

At this point, you're in a panic state trying to find any possible solution that might help you complete your task within the ridiculously tight deadline. You start questioning if there's any way you could meet this impossible goal and still keep a bit of sanity by the end of it all. Maybe you can get some kind... oh wait, I've heard about a thing called "insurance," maybe our company offers such services? 

Unfortunately, it seems like your boss knows that as well as you do which leaves even less room for solutions or escape routes from this impossible dream scenario. You try to come up with any excuse possible but all leads lead down the dark path of disappointment and despair with no hope in sight. It looks like you've hit a dead-end before even starting your work on the task, and soon, nightmares about projects becoming more challenging than they ever were before will begin to creep into your dreams too - just for pure irony lol!