I am dreaming.  You feel an intense sense of loss and emptiness as you gaze at the wreckage around you. 
You've lost everything in a natural disaster that destroyed your home and community. Standing amid the ruins of your former life, you notice a bright light shining nearby.  You follow it instinctively without knowing where it will lead or what lies ahead. 
You approach the source of the light which turns out to be a mysterious portal that appears in the sky like a swirling vortex. You hesitate for a moment before stepping into it because you feel that there is something magical and powerful pulling you towards it. Finally, you take a leap of faith and enter the portal which immediately engulfs you in a whirlpool of colors and shapes. 
You emerge from the other side of the portal to find yourself transported to an unfamiliar world filled with wonder and excitement. You realize that this new place is your dream world where anything can happen and nothing can harm you. 
In this dream world, you discover that you have superpowers that allow you to manipulate reality according to your wishes and desires. For example, you can summon objects from thin air or create living beings out of nothingness. 
You decide to use these powers wisely by helping others who are in need just like yourself. So far, you have saved many lives and brought happiness back into the world. 
However, one day, an evil force threatens your dream world and tries to destroy it along with all its inhabitants including yourself. You know that this enemy is stronger than any obstacle or challenge you've ever faced before. You also realize that if they succeed in their goal, then everyone will lose forever because there won't be a second chance for them to find hope again. 
You decide to fight back against the evil force even though it means risking your life and freedom as well as sacrificing your happiness and dreams. You gather allies from different places and races who are willing to stand with you against the darkness that threatens to engulf them all. 
Finally, after many battles and sacrifices, you manage to defeat the evil force but not without paying a heavy price because some of your friends died in the process and others were injured badly. You also discover that the enemy has left behind a powerful artifact capable of resurrecting itself when conditions are favorable. 
You decide to hide this artifact somewhere safe where no one can find it until you figure out a way to destroy it permanently once and for all. Then, you return home to find that everything is back to normal except for some minor changes here and there which make your city more interesting than before. 
You wake up from the dream feeling refreshed and satisfied because it was an adventure filled with action and drama without any boring moments or unnecessary details. You also feel motivated and inspired by what you've done in the dream world even though it was just a dream after all. 