I am dreaming. The…
Your dreams begin as much as you are becoming aware inside. You are stuck in a room filled with distorted reflections of yourself. In every mirror, in every window, you see different versions of your innate unconscious. Usually these are things that you felt were unchangeable or static in your waking life. In your dreams, these are presented raw and without pretense.

The first reflection shows you as a lost soul, chased by your deepest fears and shame. The second reflection is one of assumptions, filtered through the lens of past experiences. The third mirror shows you the exact moment you stopped listening to yourself as a source of wisdom. The fourth displays the moments when you compromised your values in order to be 'normal' or accepted.

In the center of the room, the final mirror displays an amalgamation of all these reflections, existing as internal turbulence. This turbulence distorts and misrepresents the unaltered image of the soul as it truly is. As you walk closer, the mirror cracks and finally realigns into a clear and focused harmony, both between and within reflection.

As the final mirror stabilizes, you become lucid within the dream. With new found awareness, you realize the mirrors are an accurate representation of your unconscious biases, recognizing the motivations for these reflections.

The lost soul reflecting fear and shame is the person within, unfamiliar with their true gifts and desires and instead seeking comfort in external validation. The assumptions from past experiences forms a misguided reality, when the present occurs without prejudice.

The moment trusting yourself was abandoned is the fracture point for authentic living, the disconnection from the purest knowledge. Trading your values for societal acceptance and comfort masks your abilities to love unconditionally, breaking trust with your virtue.

Now architected with this insight, you wake up inside your dream aware that the more deeply you face these hidden influences, the more space would be created for true wisdom to suffuse in your body, breath and mind. You become the cultivator of conscious healing that utilizes these past reflections as stepping stones to the height of your human capability as a being and the heart.

You alter the dream as you feel the inclination to, every morning offering gratitude and patience to your mirrors as you slowly but surely align with truth.