I am dreaming. In my dream, I find myself standing at the edge of an ornate plaza, the cobblestone beneath my feet cool and smooth. Looming two stories above me, the buildings encircling the plaza are a dizzying array of styles and eras, mixing Victorian Gothic with Art Deco and everything in between. Precious glass facades glimmer in the dreamlight, casting prismatic rays that dance along the paving stones as I make my way towards the center of the square.

As I approach, I see several of my fellow dreamers already gathered, their silhouettes wavering and translucent, betraying the ephemeral nature of this unconscious realm. They turn to gaze at me as I join their ranks, their eyes twin wells of dreamlight. In the silent, expectant pause before anyone speaks, the enormity of the ethical quandary consuming my waking hours looms at the center of our circle like an opalescent specter.

The first voice to pierce the stillness issues forth from a dreamer I'll call 'Amara', her articulation lilting and melodic. 'In my time, in my waking world, I faced a similar puzzle. The scales of right and wrong shifted by the hour, losing solidity with each day that passed. I came to a sense of peace by choosing to align myself with the lesser transgression of the two pathcns I saw before me. It is not always the case that one choice is bound entirely to goodness and the other to evil.'

Another voice, sounding from Amara's left, I find belongs to a dreamer named 'Jasper'. He speaks in firm, forceful tones. 'No, choosing the lesser evil is to take no substantial positive action at all. In my waking world, I resolved this matter by opting for option one, for option two was wrong. The can of ethics exists with a considerably tarnished paint-job already, so prefer the less corroded, you might say.'

As I take in this first volley of opinions, I see other dreamers beginning to stir and milling around the perimeter of the plaza. Some cast furtive glances at the obvious disagreement between Amara and Jasper, while others simply continue on their way, not bothering to glance back. 

The next voice to enter the conversation belongs to someone soft-spoken and ponderous. I make out her name as 'Cassandra'. She speaks as if turning over each word and phrase in her mind before allowing it to emerge from her lips. "Surely the answer is found in weighing the consequential implications. We must account for not only the direct result of each choice, but the lateral effects which may ricochet far beyond the decision's originating point."

A - I suspect - much younger dreamer chimes in from Cassendra's right, her voice high and wavering. In my mind's eye, I call this dreamer 'Viola'. "But, but if we dont know for sure what those lateral effects are, how can we possibly know we've made the right choice?" Her voice quietens soon, presumably a victim of  imposter syndrome in the face of the other speakers' more assured tones.

From my own perspective, I listen and mull over my dream companions' insights. Some seem obvious and easily dispatched, like Jasper's reductive advice. Others seem more insightful, more nuanced, although Cassendra's concept of consequentialism does smack of infinite analysis, perhaps leading me to leave the situation unresolved as a result. 

That's when I feel myself begin to fade, the plaza and its elliptical conversation slowly becoming transparent and less vivid. My pulse quickens and my breath shortens as I prepare for the swift transition from REM sleep to waking. But before I can bid that most serene of spots farewell, I hear the softening words of Amara one last time.

"We may never have all the answers. We may never have an expansive view on our predicament - whether sleeping or awake. But in the end, the best we can do is take the next step, fully aware we will not always be right, and live with the consequences of that step, not dreading them but learning from them."

And with this mixed brace of meliorism and abjection, I arrive back in the waking world, dream memories fizzling out into the bright day like the last dying pings of a pacemaker battery.