I am dreaming. "Universal Applications" 

"Imagination is reality's shadow."

The dream unfolds like a visceral painting, its colors alive and pulsing. I float through a landscape forever shifting, with perspectives altering the way my essence manifest. 

There is a playful little girl following me in every scene, representing my origins of Naivety. She chases butterflies that grow wings like origami, guiding me through winding paths that reflect my growth. 

Each butterfly represents a choice I made, and transformations I've gone through over time. As the girl catches one, it dissolves into a pair of wings of varying styles, which then attach to me and allow flight into new realms. 

These realms reflect different environments and roles taken! I am a statuesque model strutting down a frenetic catwalk, then an action hero leaping between skyscrapers, followed by a peaceful yogi meditating in a misty jungle.  

The child giggles and points to allow me to appreciate each viewpoint. Through her eyes, I see overdue praise for my resilience. In each scene, I radiate purpose and potential. Even the transformations bring opportunities. 

The setting dissolves into a mirror and I see numerous versions of myself refracted across the surface. I watch compassionately as each "me" stumbles and accelerates through their own narrative. I see myself as my art heroes would - a brush stroke of joy besieged by anxiety, but always finding creative ways forward.

I understand I am a tapestry of endless perspectives and personalities, a riddle in search of a positive answer. This shifting between forms is just my journey of experiencing existence and all it has to offer.

Behind me is the infinite dream, alive. Before me, the perfect sketch - one I must color in with meaning. The child's laughter echoes through the cosmic painting I've entered, and gained an infinite license to play with. Vasto, the sea of wonder, calls. The dream diver is braced for the ultimate adventure - living the life of my wildest imagination."