I am dreaming. You wake up with a start, your heart pounding in your chest. Something feels different, off. You reach over to your bedside table to check your phone, but it's completely unresponsive. No light, no sound, not even the faint hum of a charging device. Strange.

Throwing off your covers, you walk over to look out the window. The streetlamps are dark, adding to the unsettling atmosphere of early morning the world outside looks...wrong. You see a few cars parked helter-skelter, some of their doors ajar, as if their drivers had abandoned them in a hurry. Others are motionless on the road, presumably empty of fuel.

The power is out, you realize, but that doesn't explain the other malfunctions. As you continue to watch, a man hurries down the sidewalk, talking frantically into what ought to be a switched-off phone, shouting for pizza delivery drivers who will never come. A woman sits on a curb, sobbing pitifully, her broken laptop and phone discarded beside her. Two young men are viciously attacking a neighbors!

Amidst the chaos is an overall look of faces full of confusion, frustration, and ultimately, crushing despair. They are still waking to revieral, so oblivious to the fact that their technology might be lost, but you're already starting to feel the panic rising in your throat. The life you knew, the life nearly everyone revolves around during this age, has become completely untenable.

This is merely an age where no one can imagine life without technology.  Communication cannot happen, commerce cannot continue. How can society survive without the Internet, without phones and laptops, global banking systems, GPS navigation, public transportation? The picture is bleak, to say the least.

Just as you're about to rush to gather the rest of your family, panic sinking in, you notice a strange symbol spray-painted on the wall across the street. It's an upside-down "h" with two curved arrows pointing towards it. As you strain to make meaning of it, you hear the front door burst open, honest, anguished voices, and anxious footsteps coming up the stairs toward you.

Someone is here, and they're coming for you. This dream is coming to a screeching halt. As you burrow deeper into the sheets, desperate to wake up, the footsteps enter your room, and you're finally pulled from your terrible sleep.

But as your eyes adjust to the soft morning light, you realize it was all a dream. Your phone is still sitting on the charger, plugged into the wall next to your bed. The power never went out, and everything is just as it should be.

But somewhere in the back recesses of your mind lies a very rejuvenating fear: what if it happens someday? What if this dream was a waking reality? You shake the thought from your head and click off the alarm clock. It's time to wake up and face a new day, the day you've been living in for years, the day where technology is omnipresent and there's no escaping its reach.

Welcome to the present. It's a strange and complicated place.