I am dreaming. As you finally allow your emotional facade to crack, a rush of vivid, sensory experiences engulf you in the dream realm.

The cool, metallic tang of tears welling up in your eyes melds with the rich, earthy scent of freshly tilled soil that swirls around you like recognizable yet alien dust. The ground beneath your feet shifts from smooth, cold marble to warm, crumbled petrichor-soaked dirt, each pebble and fragment of musk licking your skin. Your body feels simultaneously fragile and heavy, as though made of porous stone.

Colors explode and twist in the air like crystalline ribbons dancing to an otherworldly rhythm. They caress your senses, cool lavenders and deep azures stroking your veins with calming effluence, while fiery oranges and rubies scorch your mind with suppressed emotions finally set free, like a swarm of enraged fireflies exploding starbursts of bursting luminescence.

Sounds ricochet in waves, distant clanging, urgent whispering, frenzied humming, all bleeding into a discordant yet strangely lulling melody. The world throbs around you, each beat resonating in your bones and the microscopic fractures of your soul. A tribal drumming pulses from within your chest, syncing with the far-off call of wind chimes and the siren song of ceaseless sirens.

Flavors overtake your tongue, a burst of burnt croissant, sweet foxy perfume, and pungent compostSie seep into your mouth, begging to be savored and hated. The cacophony of tastes course through your body like a wildfire, charring the walls of your esophagus and igniting the secret places of your larynx.

In this dream state, unrestrained time flows around and through you. Memories flash by like checked-off boxes, a current of deja vu caking itself to your skin and eyes like wet cement. You're a mere observer now to the restraining order of your past, your present, and your desperate future, each vying for attention like a group of angry children fighting over a single doll from a vast grab bag of lost marbles.

As you linger in this fractured waking dream, suspended between the sterile fear of reality and the dark comfort of oblivion, you realize that perhaps this maelstrom is leveling you. Scraping you clean. Crunching me into the fetal position. Squishing you down to just bones and dreams and primordial edict and honest truth. Wrecking you to rebuild you.

Maybe you'll wake later, released from this strange warm intimacy. Maybe you'll break out in a cold sweat, discombobulated and confused. Maybe you'll stay. (It's hard to say, isn't it?) But perhaps, just perhaps, in drifting off and getting lost, you've found your anchor. Your solace. The thing you carried for miles and miles, blaming yourself for the boulders, grateful for the breakdown.