I am dreaming. I find myself standing in a tranquil, ethereal garden, the air heavy with the intoxicating scent of night-blooming jasmine. This is no ordinary garden, but a healing sanctuary for souls carrying the weight of trauma. As I take in the enchanting surroundings - the shimmering waterfall cascading into an opalescent pond, the treetops gently swaying to a melodic breeze playing upon leaves of glow yellow and glow blue - I know I've come to the right place.

I follow the winding cobblestone path deeper into the sanctuary. Lush, bioluminescent flora line the way, pulsing with an otherworldly glow that seems toills a glow in my core, unfurling the tight knots of pain. Soft, melodic humming permeates the space, drawing me ever onward towards a grove filled with crystal-clear standing rocks upon which restless spirits gather.

I find my own smooth, moonstone to perch upon, vivid sunlight pouring into the space above, despite the violet sky. A compassionate queen of wisdom with flowing rose-petal hair and eyes of liquid silver regards me, her presence a soothing balm upon my ragged soul. 

With an invitation to share my woundedness so we may walk together into the flame, I open my mouth and a cry bursts forth, voluminous and jagged. Wracked with sobs, the searing pain of my deepest hurt bleeds out, the viscera of my pain painting the crystal surface a raw, bloody red. As it spills, it shifts to a pulsing gold, the wound beginning to heal.

Slowly, emphatically, the group of silhouettes in the grove each tell their own stories of brokenness, their cries joining mine in a descent and then crescendo into rousing hope. As we finish, we are intertwined, our trauma-filled histories becoming a mosaic of how we are braided, how we are bound for growth, how we elevate each other as we look to the future.

In that moment, I feel an unprecedented connection to all that have gathered. We are all a part of the same equation, the same emotion, the same soul in many forms. No one is alone. Ever again.