I am dreaming. find that I'm standing in an oversized garden, with hedges that seem to stretch like towering waves in a colored grassland. Vibrant flowers of all shapes and colors spring from the ground: a skyward-shooting burst of iridescent blue, a delicate fleur-de-lis that shimmers and glows, an amaranthine flower that glows with a soft purplish light.

People approach, but my heart feels like it's going to stop. They have come to ruin my day, I just know it. My arms cross over my chest protectively.

One of them speaks, but I can't hear what they're saying, only a low rumble. They reach out a hand, and I flinch and turn away. Why must they nitpick? I'm doing everything in my power to make this garden perfect, a far-flung palace shimmering in the distance over that arching bridge..

I hear a couple words - "Imagination" - "Your rules" and then I tune them out, squinting into the sun behind them, still turned away. I can't let their words sink in and.. !aarrgh! DQ_definitions! Some of them I neeeeed, and I will never Let Them Win!

Half an hour later I'm still brooding. The flowers are still so beautiful but that bridge is still far away. Some people are still there trying to come closer but I ignore them and turn to slowly make my way over that bridge. It's stiff, as if the imagined suporting wires feel like chains, but at least I'm alone. The people are still far behind! I can almost see that palace.

It's just a mile into the distance. So close! I stare ahead to the castle turrets in the distance, still taking slow stiff steps over that flat bridge feeling chained and forced and arguing in my mind the whole time. A chime and a glowing light to my left snags my attention but I pay it no mind! Ugh! No!

Ffwwwwwictures Finally I have reached the end of the overpass! I have choices to make! "You found the path, but the wrong way!" a goblin called from a nearby green.

What they mean?!? I cast a superpower blast at him and.. my eyes open, and I am no longer dreaming. I'm lying in bed with something niggling at the edge of my memory but I can't quite catch it. I'll have to meditate. So off I go to my meditation chamber...