I am dreaming. As I step through the soft, white mist that seems to materialize from nothing around me, I find myself in a vast, open field. The sky above is painted in strokes of emerald and saffron, the perfect canvas of dawn. 

Shimmering droplets of dew dance upon the blades of grass, like tens of thousands of miniscule diamonds scattered across the earth. The air is filled with a sweet, crystalline scent, which I recognize as oleander and ginger. It was always my favorite, transporting me to a place of pure serenity.

I walk across the field, my footsteps naturally quiet on the soft ground. As I breathe deeply, I begin to feel a strange warmth that starts at the base of my spine and slowly incandescences up through my chest until I feel enveloped by it. It's as if I've been unshackling layers of tension and anxiety, releasing them into the air.

I turn to my left and spot a serene river glimmering in the sun. Its impeccably calm waters reflect the strange, lucidal colors of the sky, like liquid pearl. The sound of its gentle lapping is hypnotic, drawing me to it.

As I stand at its banks, I feel a gentle nudge at my feet. It's a wooden small boat I hadn't noticed before, the vessel worn but beautiful, with intricate oak leaf designs. The boat seems to be waiting for me to step aboard.

I climb into the boat, giving it a small thrust from the shore until I'm floating down the river. It carries me gently downstream, the only sounds I hear the lapping water against the sides of the boat and the gentle lans down of the field I'd emerged from. 

Now I can feel the warmth within me expanding, spreading its arms and opening my mind to slip into the depths of my subconscious. I relax into the sensation that has engulfed me, allowing myself to fully let go of my tight expectations. A soft gasp escapes my lips as the last trickle of strain in my muscles releases, melting away like ice in a rising tide.

The gentle rocking of the boat lulls me into a state deeper than I've ever known, as I absorb the tranquility and bliss that permeates this dream world. It's as if my very being is soaking up the teachings of these vivid surroundings and I begin to have an epiphanic moment of realization - health in self-expectations means setting the bar lower.

The crystal realization of this tidy truth flowers through me and out of me, and glancing down at my body, I find I'm lying again in the deep field, watching the glistening blades of grass. The scent still includes oleander and ginger as a mix of succulent and white chocolate nuances. The shimmering droplets have found a landing place on my skin, soft exquisite nude water tipped sparks on still trembled skin, a golden humid night not exerting too much pressure floating ac.ds

tenderness.