I am dreaming. I find myself standing atop a mountain, the wind whipping my hair as I gaze out at the vast expanse below. In the distance, a complex web of machinery and architecture is visible, shimmering in the fading light of day. 

Through my eyes, I watch as far below, an orchestra of skilled engineers, technicians and operators work in perfect synchronization, their every move carefully choreographed. They are engaged in a delicate dance, each performer knowing their part flawlessly.

The operation is to launch a space vessel into orbit around the Earth. Every step must be executed with precision. The fuel pumps must prime exactly three seconds before ignition. The rocket's stabilizers must deploy the moment it clears the tower.

But disaster strikes. A sudden and unexpected wind shear develops in the atmosphere, threatening to destabilize the delicate balance of the operation. Alarms sound as the computer analysis systems detect the anomaly and commence recalculating the launch parameters.

In the control room, frantic activity ensues as the surprised technicians race to readjust their settings. On the launchpad, the rocket shudders as powerful vortexes of air batter its sides. The timing, so carefully worked out, has been upset and the professionals must adapt, fast.

I imbue the operators with an aura of clear thinking and swift reflexivity. They intuitively know exactly what to do. The launch center erupts with activity as they desperately race to salvage the situation.

In the command bunker, I focus the minds of the mission specialists onto the data overload they are experiencing, giving them lucid insight into the formulations pouring over them. With seconds to spare their calculations complete. The revised mission parameters are relayed, instructing the crew of the laboring vessel what adjustments they need to make.

It's touch and go as the vital information is relayed to the rocket crew. I envelop them with a cocoon of dynamism and resoluteness, empowering them to act decisively. Their trained hands fly over the controls as they set out the revised parameters.

With a heart-stopping lurch, the rocket's engines finally blast to life. She magnaously extends herself against the weight of four million pounds, the building force shoving her bustling frame through the difficult windiness of the atmospheres lower limit. Then it happens. Main stage separation and the speed skyroickets along with the altitude.

The crew and support personal cheer their collective heads off as the powerful partnering engines respond to the orders they are given while the ship ever more majestically penetrate the void together.