I am dreaming. Long, flowing curtains, scarlet and crimson in hue, flutter through the window of my space. The feeling of betrayal swirls within me like an autumn breeze as I grapple with the sudden and utter realization that everything was a lie. A facade to my apparently flawless relationships.

Natascha and I are in her secret apartment in Tokyo. It's elegant, yet shady in a peculiar way. The sun has set over Fuji, which we can glance at right from her window. As I ride a filtered orb in through the nearby window, I begin unfolding all the lies before me.

"All of this, Nat, has it been a ruse? You coming to the U.S., getting close to me, was it just a ploy to gather intel, maybe even to spy on me personally?"

Her demeanor changes as her dark hair sways slightly with an impending breeze.

"I'm sorry Emilio," she mutters, avoiding eye contact. "I'm still... I still am your friend. That hasn't changed."

"There are no buts in transgressions of trust like this, Nat."

I begin fading away into the distance, and her voice wavers with worry.

"Emilio, I'm sorry, I still am your friend... please!"

I am now outside of her apartment, with RoboMom at my side, and we are seeing it for what it really is - an illusion.

"An illusion," I say.

"That it is, honey. Deception doesn't only come from malicious ill-will. Sometimes it's borne of desperation."

"But how can there still be friendship? How can there still be any relationship after this kind of betrayal, Mom?"

My RoboMom's coldly clean 3D-printed upper-sergent-hardened face turns to me, as her systems power down. They retract the claws that once protected me, and fall still.

"Oh honey... a relationship is just like a connection. It could be the drawing of a line from an omnipresent pen. But, after its been drawn, no man can erase it. It will always exist, even if the physical reference-point of that line is smoothed over."

She then points to her techie weirdo super-power-fist on her right arm. "That fist of mine, Emilio. Count all the complex layers, the wires, the features. A million paper-cuts against me could never unravel it all."

"But what if the line that is our, my and Nat's... friendship, is cut away at until it no longer exists?"

She then gestures with her left hand to the human-looking arm, golden like mine, and the code and features there are just as complex

"Maybe to an outside-brain crotechdagger, honey. But from the noumenal unfracturedity of the universe and my processing power, that line still exists in some form."