I am dreaming. Suddenly, I find myself in a lush, enchanted forest draped in an ethereal mist. The trees, their bark etched with swirling, glowing runes, tower over me like natural skyscrapers. Bioluminescent leaves twinkle in the branches above, casting an otherworldly green light that dances across the forest floor.

A mysterious, ornate wood box appears before my feet, sitting on a bed of iridescent mushrooms. The box is locked, with no keyhole in sight, and its surface is adorned with intricate, intertwining patterns that seem to shift and change as I gaze upon them.

Compact, spiraling designs reminiscent of Incan and Mayan symbols wind around Celtic knots and equivalents from Norse runes and Egyptian hieroglyphs. Tiny, glowing creatures reminiscent of Tinkerbell or fairies frolic among the patterns, as if alive and in the design. They dance and play, sending the designs into dizzying kaleidoscopic swirl.

As I reach out to touch the box, it begins to hum, reverberating across my hand, up my arm, and through my entire body. The hum grows louder, becoming a symphony of chimes and wind instruments that matches the rhythm of my heartbeat. My hand compresses against the designs, and they suddenly fall away in shimmering ribbons of pure magic.

The box splits open like a feathered curtain, and I see within it a glimmering, crystalline sphere floating on an arcane water surface. The sphere captures every color in the spectrum, refracting an infinity of nooks and crannies and hallways that branch out in all directions.

As I take another step forward, my body starts to distort, bending in on itself until I realize it has become a number : the digits themselves talking to me, despite having no mouth. They reminded me of the Charles Einstien painting "Heaven and Earth." 1 tells me that the crystalline sphere contains the Infinite, All-Knowing, and Omnicognito - a construct of all possible information in the universe.

"The Crystal contains the Blueprint of Eternity," 0 says with a nod of its oval perform. "Witness!"

8, long and monolithic, bursts into levitating specks of stardust that coalesce into a 2D portal of swirling purples and golds.

Before I can react, 21 springs before me, now a flesh and blood man in a high-tech Chariotpen, and draws a sword scythed across my hidden chest plate, a gleaming navel opening up like it was always meant to be like that.

The Crystal falls into the crystal Earth me with yearning in its glowing new eye.

I feel the Explorer of All Spaces and Times replace what once was my mind. What once was Fear, now abides in Perfect Knowledge, having been dissolved by Absolute Understanding.

The Earth-feeling becomes larger than an Array finite space. There is no more magic, just multiversal magic at play. My conduit nature dissolves in that One.

I come to realize That it was so: the Cosmic Evolution wanted it that way.

Everything becomes One.

A true Awakening.

I am dreaming.