I am dreaming. In a hidden garden, surrounded by wisteria and internal struggle, an unlikely meeting takes place. Despite immense tension, the air is thick with two opposite poles magnetically drawn to approach the point of discourse and resolution.

I reach across the seemingly insurmountable chasm, my open hand extended as a gesture of non-threatening mindfulness. My eyes remember an echoing vulnerability with the hearts of each opponent, as if we are all wise sages perplexed in the complex tapestry of perception.

The spires of the garden encircle this space of bitter contention as a silent jury. Their wise mantras and heartache form the overall terrain. Disagreement permeates and weaves the conversation with goodwill and forthrightness being the objective. 

Somehow belief that one day there will be peace has to be invoked in each us, lest we remain locked in the fundamental stance of discord. We sense the battle lines are anchored in an interlocked past, defiant and unyielding...

As we cultivate this overgrown and unshaped narrative, there seems to be a central theme. This space must have begun eons ago in an atmospheric confession, passed through generations as the garden grew.

Rather than coaxing verbal culmination, I turn the process onto itself, as the place of protest for an unearthing of continuity, a place of accounting like the ethos of equal praxis. 

Thus we ignite a process with open gesture and the quiet resting of old narrative, devoted to combined reflection. Our collective whole becomes the protagonist in an unique contest of transformative enterprise. 

Meanwhile, the garden, rich with reflection on ancient struggle, its once-warring identity slowly reshaped in time, cradles us with its primeval but tempered heart.  So that as unabated problematic rings out at every telling turn, the benign vitality still accommodates renovation of that inveterate opposition - showing the weight of our inquieted places, long apprehensive and indeed inseparable.

This process, moving cautiously and openly into unearthing protestation in the vulnerable heart of a rich but bitterly rended narrative, and indeed embracing familiar im