I am dreaming. The vivid dream unfolds. It starts somewhat normal, then gets decidedly strange.

I find myself in a cabin, a cozy little nest adjoining a vast, primeval forest. The wind howls through the trees, creating an eerie, ghostly lament. The floorboards underneath me are cold and hard, and my back aches from the rough wooden bed. I sit up, rubbing my eyes, trying to locate my bearings. The woods outside are pitch black, but I can make out spooky shadows dashing here and there, eluding me.

As I open my eyes, I realize I am no longer in that abandoned cabin but in a vast marketplace filled with traders from all corners of the world. Each of them is speaking a different tongue, and I begin to feel a sense of disconnection.

There are so many scents; perfume mix with coffee and flour. Everyone's hurrying in every direction, and I have nowhere to go. My limbs grow heavy, and my thoughts slow down.

Suddenly, time warps. A second ago I was standing, but now I'm on my back watching shooting stars whiz past in a blink of an eye, each one cries out in a unique song. The colors are more vivid than I've ever seen; pinks swirl together with oranges, creating a surreal mix. 

Somehow I'm floating, moving with impossible swiftness and grace above the crowd, unafraid as they shrink to miniatures below me. I'm afloat on an endless ocean of stars, feeling both infinitely small and infinitely vast. Slowly, the infinite density of stars above me starts to coalesce into a pattern, one I've only seen once before: a dragon. 

Only, I notice that something is very wrong. Dragon's are made to fly, but this is melting into a puddle on the ground. I feel the weight of responsibility settle on my shoulders. How can I help save the dragon? This object that was once free to roam the skies, now inspired with an endless drive still sits below me, frozen in silence. I feel myself suffocate with a myriad of contradictions.

An inescapable force sucks ever more efficiently at my mind. Away from the dragons and away from the fearsome conclusion to this current part of my life. I find myself as a boy again in my childhood home, where I explore and adventure for many hours before bedtime. I look out my bedroom window, into the dry summer grass and blue sky. I'm tapping my foot lightly to my violin music and laughing. Life seems so simple and unsatisfactory all at once.

I am jolted out of my reverie and hit by a loud, deafening clanging sound.  It comes from below me as a see-saw on a broken playground sprouts to life with no one on it. The bright colors are startling to me, when I forgot they used to be so bright. Laughter echoes, and the see-saw collapses into the dust.

I am alarmed to see my mother reflected in the window now, mid-laugh. But her face is distorting, the colors are now neon, her teeth razor-sharp. We are standing face to face in a dark coliseum. An increasingly large crowd is cheering, but there is no one in attendance. 

Her dark eyes bore into mine.
"You never knew me, did you? You never knew anyone you claim to have." She points an accusatory finger at me before she vanishes into smoke. Balloons descend from the sky, but they are a sickly yellow and gritty like sandpaper. I tear one open and find a small troll doll with black-tipped teeth that winks.

Time slows to a stop. Sounds become clearer, slower, and eerier. The clanging, the laughter, and the crowd are still there. But now, I can discriminate each and every frequency. I watch each hair on my head turn grey and slowly curl at the ends. Slowly, I am enveloped by the darkness, gently but firmly. I close my eyes and am at home again, where it feels safe to breathe.
The alarm clock rings.