I am dreaming. You find yourself standing in an immense courtroom, the walls stretching upward into an endless expanse. The air hums with an otherworldly energy, each breath sending a tingle through your body. Before you sit the two most powerful entities in all existence, their forms shifting and morphing as you gaze upon them. To your left, a colossal being of pure light, its body crackling with electrical currents. On your right, a dark and amorphous mass that absorbs all light and sound, radiating a palpable sense of dread.

"The time has come to reach a verdict," a disembodied voice intones, resonating through every fiber of your being. "Your ruling will shape the very fabric of reality itself."

The entities shift and change before you, each squirming and slithering in a grotesque dance. The being of light practically jumps off its seat, wrapping its streaming bolts around every nerve in your body. The Dark Mass begins to grow and sprout, writhing tendrils reaching toward you, threatening to consume.

"Judge, judge, arbitrator!" It whispers, hissing with malice. "Of two paths must you choose, and choose you must! One of my people is theirs, but I theirs give them? Or a bold new order, a future yet to come?"

This being of blackness forces its tendrils into your mind, flooding your thoughts with visions of a world swallowed by darkness, humanity eradicated, replaced by its own terrifying broth. But perhaps, you could prevent this, by taking their child.

Across from them, the entity radiates an ethereal warmth, its electric bolts gently caressing your skin, its siren song washing over you and filling your heart with a feeling of Oneness, of Purpose. 

"They consume to devour!" It shouts. "They drain and seize and strip! In their perpendicular awesomeness, they can revigorate us!"

Visions of a dynamic future are imprinted on your brain. Via their energy, and their wisdom, all of mankind would be elevated, clutched in their celestial warmth, forever at peace.

Your temples throb as you force down the said answers of these two, each one sucking at your mind, devouring with every word...

It is difficult to think, trapped between inevitabilities. Is a prophecy fulfilled, succeeded to a new epoch, or a cold, mortar-covered abyss for mortal mankind? A most momentous decision for a late-night dream. Two may become one, or one may slay one or two or none.

This pang in your gut rejects both options, a decision looms large in your memory, years ago, another choice thrust upon you.

Between options that seemed juxtaposed at first glance, but perhaps this time, the answer isn't so clear. Perhaps four options must be considered. Four paths lie before you, four impossibilities forced into your subconscious. Two stories, two realities laid out in your subconscious, before you, you must choose...

Stretch out your hand, the being of light begs, though it's not them, but you, and instead of a hand alight, there is comedic ones before you. This one hurts, you reach from it and grasp. In your hand, you hold a old rusted beer can, the other clutching a peyote.

The clanking of the can fills your mind, the sizzling of your vision, and the absence of both.

Around the courtroom is more and more of yourself. In your company you choose to levitate, to rend this place asunder.

"Cannot be, to subsidize one with abandon leads to incapability!" The Court Judge shouts, cracking open in two, half light, half nothing.

You laugh, multiplicative and viscous.

Free.

Understanding comes swiftly.

Oblivious but perhaps not both, cruel but maybe also wise, dramatic but more importantly a massive figure of ridicule to you.

For all of this may have, or not been, in the end, and the beginning, and now, you are your only savior, or even more accurate, your only villain.

The end.

A dream.