I am dreaming. In the dream, I find myself in a surreal landscape, a penthouse on the illusent sky. 

The grand entrance opens, and out walks me. I am on a treadmill. I'm surrounded by mirrors and implemented with unique mirror structures that displace the image and create a constant warped reflection.

As I walk down a golden brick road, the direction keeps changing.

As I pass over gilded gates, the parties, the friends, the enemies, the huge grins, they all sat at the round table who all looked just like me. The guards say that all ominous guests must please stand up. Peculiar laughter surrounds me. It's coming from the restaurant patrons.

You snack on a cucumber sandwich at your favorite cafe, across from your reflection on the street - your mirror self is charming and confident. The waitress is slowing down time with each step. You start to feel like you're moving in slow motion. 

Deep in the mirror, I see subconscious urges and thoughts and a shadow of myself covering my reflection as they dine below. 

With an inner drift in psyche, you sit down at your mirrored table of thoughts, but the rug seems to be declining before your feet. You eat your pencil down to a naive, innocent, easily tempered core.

Your conversation with your doppleganger shows both of you how your mirror self feels on both sides of the equation. 

This unique moment of reflection has your doppelganger eaten cucumber sandwiches, and as the scream peels away from your neck towards the West, the springs and cocktail dresses dance their way down the hill to pools of dark green and yellow. 

The doppelganger reaches up to chase after the scream only to watch it intertwine with banana (yellow) and cucumber (green) colored springs and cocktail dresses that spring alive and jog their way Westward down the hill.

The chasing sound of a scream pierces the ever so decadent dining aesthetic. Time slows down. 

My mirrors reach out and embrace the doormen. The doormen give in fully to the personification of the mirrors that reach out to them in the dreamburb. My mirror reflections stop serving as a shadow, but instead welcome the doppelganger into the winning team of decadent googly eye balls for all eternity, like a seesaw. 

I come out of the dream, shaking my head, and see a pink, red, blue, and green dream teenager dancing in ballett shoes. They go up to the doorman and say all of the colors in the mirror have shown me a pattern of my mirrored reflections, they've been rooting for me all along, in a way ¯\_()_/¯