I am dreaming. I find myself in a sleek, futuristic laboratory, the air humming with anticipation. Towering metal shelving units line the walls, packed with strange mechanical devices that whir and click in low tones. A central workbench dominates the room, illuminated by a single spotlight. And there, in the center of it all, a device like no other. 

It is a contraption of gears, pulleys, and glowing crystalline components. Thin, fluttering supports rise from its hexagon-shaped core, each one twitching into precedence, radiating outwards. A mesmerizing green light emanates from the core, pulsing gently. Thin, spider-like arms wrap around this central orb, each one gripping something - a scale, a%</head>

gear, a tiny screen. You move closer to examine it. You can tell by how it was designed that this device isn't a regular item. Its every piece seems to be a work of art.

You turn the switch. A piercing light fills the room and a robotic female voice speaks, "Copyright of ELT 3504 authorized added 789X26. Welcome to PALNT. Please state your request."

With shaking hands, you ask, "I need to know how to reverse the x-7 virus and heal everyone it's affected."

"Request denied. Understanding of virus makeup required for problem resolution." The device clicks from this response.

"You can solve ANY problem! I don't care about that stupid virus makeup! Just find a way." The device speaks again, its voice neutral and unchanging, "Understanding of virus makeup required for problem resolution" 

You slam your hand down on the metal desk once, then again, shouts ringing through the lab. People are dying, steadily marching towards extinction and this thing is standing in the way - "I don't have time to come up with a safe solution! What if I gave ALT-15 and an open tube instead? Might that do it?"

An accusatory click speaks in response, "Forbidden operation identified. Ignoring request."

But you aren't ready to give up. You remember that X-7 isn't the main threat. World wide destruction lies right under that very device. Heart pounding you search through the PANT, looking through it as the distant whirring sound becomes louder "Do you..." you swallow "Do you have the potential to do..."

"Overseer functions are restricted. Authorization required." The device pulses, alternating green and red.

You feel a pang of anger and despair. This device - dedication to problem solving in the face of obstacles despite crucial limitations is all you have. The outside world crashes down on you, obscuring everything else. You feel the thick air and a tightness in your chest, and you know what you need to do. 

"PALNT, interpret this as the registration of user ELT 3504. Ratification begins." 

You watch the glow fade, the crystalline components pop and melt, then fall inert upon the metal. "Critic nested error evaluated. Emergency shutdown triggered." The robot voice clicks.

"Voids critterally shutdown. Authorization required." Itmetaled.

You sit back in the chair, weak and breathless. 

Time passes, and the nightmare is over.