I am dreaming. In my dream, I find myself standing at a fork in the road, the path ahead obscured by a thick, oppressive fog. I know that before me lies a choice, one that no amount of footing or flip-flop could help me prepare to make. The oppressive gray fog closes in, sticks in my throat as I remain motionless, the weight pressing down on my shoulders.

I turn to look at the two paths. 

On my left, the path cuts cleanly through the landscape, sharp lines cutting against the twilight sky and allowing the first stars to shine through. It is a clean path, efficient, but I get the feeling that it may not be the path of truth for me. On this path, I am morally light, but I am not free. This path leads me to a prestigious career, but the weight of my decisions clings to me like a shroud.

On my right, the path is mottled and uneven, growing wildly with a mangled concentration of roses, thorns, and nightshade. Cobwebs lit by fireflies as large as my fist dip from branches caked with sap and gloss.

The image of my parents' disappointed faces materializes in front of me, blocking this path. Though they are proud of me, the disappointment in their eyes at the thought of me failing speaks volumes. At this thought I feel my stomach drop, a heavy weight set within.

A chill runs through the jungle-like path. It is their pride that keeps me there. It wraps around me like a cocoon, keeping me stationary, preventing me from growing. I ask myself: what would they think of me, what would my family think of me, if I did the honorable thing and chose the path to the right?

This is a heavy weight to bear, and the realization finally hits me: this dream is about growing, about choosing.

It seems I am faced with a choice—my own happiness and following my dreams or fulfilling the expectations of others by remaining in their cocoon. As this realization finally hits me, I feel the weight lift, a tangible feeling in this dream-world.

Though the manifestation of my parents remain, their expression has changed. Where once there was disappointment, joy now fills their eyes as they motivate me to grow on my own.

I take in a sharp breath and as hulking arms of fog on the path to the left wrap their windy arms around me, trying to coax me to stay, I pull myself free and come down on the wet, soft ground of the path to my right. 

My eyes open.