I am dreaming. As I find myself amidst a large, bustling social gathering, I realize I only recognize one person - my friend, Lily. I wade through the sea of unfamiliar faces, searching for her, but the crowd is so thick and rowdy that I can barely move.

A group of vibrantly dressed individuals, wearing masks and flowing fabrics, catches my eye as I push my way forward. They seem to be performing some kind of improv skit, gesturing flamboyantly and speaking in tongues. As I pause to observe, they suddenly break character, fixing their wide, peculiar eyes upon me and extending invitations for me to join them. They flash knowing smiles.

I politely decline and continue my search for Lily, only to stall in front of a circle of people in Victorian attire, playing instruments I’ve never seen before. Flutes spiral into an almost-fractal conical shape, and horns gurgle and growl. Enchanted by their otherworldly music, I lean closer, mesmerized, until I feel an icy cold wind on my neck.

When I turn, I see a tall, pale man, his pupils glowing like the moon, beckoning to me with a bony finger. Behind him, a walled garden pulsates with bioluminescent flowers and vegetation, emitting a soft, ethereal hum. The scene looks strange - and yet it’s not. I ask about what he’s doing, but he advances towards me, with feverish eyes and gritted teeth until I realize that he’s not human at all, but an adder, a self-aware thrall. I gasp and flee, the ground shaking underfoot.

I dash past a small group of children giggling in a canal made of glass. It carves a labyrinthine path throughout the building, where young fish swim in schools. The minnows sing impromptu atonals in crystalline battle with the sirens of ships docked on the shore, as well-assembled fast idle engines moan like strapless dolphins to their toddler hearts.

As I sprint to escape, the man changes into a topiary, shooting copses and thorns from a brush instead of hair. The flowers explode into butterfly families that swarm towards me, clinging to my leg, arms and neck. They latch on like tiny, vinelike spiders, the stinging chaos hurting my skin. I brush them off and feel them die in my arms, giving birth to alien saplings. I hear screeches. I hear buzzing. I hear flapping.

I spot Lily through a wilderness of tropical trees and clamber towards her, but the jungle splits and she disappears like a specter. In front of me is now an elephantine woman waxing her head on a hill of licorice arms. She bows at me. I bow back. And then I fall into a diva chariot beside her, and we are carried through the wilderness in a turquoise cuckoo car.

Suddenly, the walls around me vibrate and morph, and I’m right back where I started - the party. I see my friend, Lily, who looks at me and says, “I’m the only person you know here?” as everything fades away.

I wake up, gulping fresh air and zooming out at a 360-degree angle, the room spinning. In a daze, the images pingpong through my mind.