I am dreaming. You float, untethered, in a swirling vortex of shimmering, iridescent mist. The ethereal fog Smart pulses and throbs with an otherworldly energy, pulsing in time with your own heartbeat. As consciousness reigns, the world around you solidifies—still disorienting, but tangible.

You find yourself standing in a lavish, opulent inn. It's an impossible place, a defiant of architecture, physics, and aesthetics. The inn's atrium defies convention, with its crystal walls stretching to dizzying heights and its floors wavering, hovering in apparent defiance of gravity.

Stranger still, the soundscape of this inter-dimensional space defiles the norms of linearity and sequencing. Fingers snap before the music begins, laughter echoes after a joke, and it is the ending of a conversation that initiates the opening of dialogue. It's as if no emotion, no action, no fleeting moment exist in an order that makes sense and causality is dead.

In the past, an unearthing of the present occurred. This is the heart of your new world: time moves in all directions, with no single direction being declarable proper. The past is born from the future, with echoes yet to be unwracked, revealed in their obscurity. The present is a secondary ripple, rippling forward and backward in idea formation before its conception.

You, now fully lucid, understand your reality cannot be escaped. 

There are no rules, but a chaos of coincidence. Two men shake hands before they meet, ecstasies are felt in anticipation of living them. Birds danced songs. Verbs were nouns.

You walk along a bent path in a grassy, open field. Mile markers for your next step line the surface, but stretch beyond their number, pointing to a destination you are simply yet to come.
The muddy ground vibrates, quakes, shakes, and moves in sync with your breaking rhythm as you walk.
Moments ahead, your body is pulled, nearly tipped forward. You feel a looming weight, gravitating you, centering you, to this bend in the road. Nodding in tentative understanding, you reach out, finding a solid hand to balance yourself.

You blink. And it's still swirling mist.

A man stands before you, hair and skin luminous and radiant. Clad in a garment of otherworldly fabric, knit from the threads of natures and weaved against the wrong of time, he acknowledges you.

The man reveals he is you, but from that possibility of you which is cycles ahead. You recognize yourself and feel both a sense of accomplishment and imminent loss.
It's not a you from the summer of the future, a version of you articulate as your current, every fresh feeling and memory. This is you from the time beyond, when you've surpassed your human nadir and ascended to some unknowable order, phase and amplitude of consciousness above and beyond our current dimensional plane.

Your older self hands you a book. Its blue, billowed cover reads, "The Fall and The Recover." You open to flip through the pages, but only read one line before averted, "Love is the undo and the do."

In a moment, and in indefinite cycles of moments, your future self disintegrates, shatters into a kinetic burst of golden sand. You try to grab it, but watch the dust dissipate, disappear, to finally resettle. Upon your feet on the muddy ground is a fresh footprint.

You feel both an overwhelming sense of the infinite realization and deep confusion.

You look up, and the mist has dissipated into wisps of nothing. The inn, the man, and the book have revolved, shifted, and transformed into air. It's just you in the grassy clearing, but with the revelation of a truth beyond our comprehension.

You fall to your knees, consuming the moment for generations, sitting with the knowledge, deeply feeling it. But no moment has meaning beyond its flow into the next in this defilement of time's order.

You stand, realizing just how profoundly you have changed.

It's just time, just space, just a beautiful moment. You begin walking again, but looking forward is an impossibility. Walking is an impossibility. Things take on their own order. You question if you'll ever return, here, back to base, making progress. But that's how it's always been. The end and the recommendations before you chalk a path to here.

You feel a knowledge, a knowing. Tomorrow morning, you'll spit it out as easily as you forget the specifics of the dream itself.

The world is like that.