I am dreaming. Pieuvre, I float through the air, weightless and free. Colors swirl around me like eddies in a stream. Past and future become meaningless as I embrace the present.

Suddenly, I find myself standing at the edge of a fields of sunflowers, tall and majestic. Their faces turned up to the sun, they represent a universe centered around their belief in its power. I walk among them, dropping seeds as I go, leaving behind new growth.

I am possessed by the idea that love is the Rose Bridge between the moon and the sun. In this realization is a mission, to convey this idea to the world through the synthesis of a poem, a new form of art. Through impulse, or through work, I collect the seeds of my insights that the seed of the rose bears an eternity of creation and power.

I wander through the grassy field of a science fair. The booths represent a comprehensive interpretation of the universe. At this fair, it becomes apparent that gravity affects the center, not corners as equilateral triangles depict. I see the core of the sun as the point right at the center of our freedom and choice, the axis of our life and of the entire universe.

I flashback to another field, this one with glimmering wheat; a hope lost and now re-gained, the start of happiness that would grow with effort. I see the remnants of chaos become the building blocks of new shapes, blessed by the power of the core, protected by chaos. I see how the building up of positive thought will chase negative patterns, blessed with freedom and understanding. 

I experience a coming together of modern ecological knowledge, imperatives in the broader natural scheme, and the imperative to live to nourish and nurture the land for many generations as an implied necessity. The open spaces allow for the flow and migration based on living in light of season, weather, growth, replenishment, extension, decay. Feeling the sun on my skin, the breeze in my hair, I feel the power of nature, guiding my path and nourishing my soul.