I am dreaming. Ah, the scene unfolds before me in visceral Technicolor detail, every sight, sound and sensation crystal clear in my mind's eye. I find myself transported to a dusty, war-torn city in some far-flung corner of the globe, just waking from a fitful nap in the makeshift field hospital where I've been passed out from exhaustion. The air is thick with despair and the acrid tang of smoke. Rubble lies strewn about, clear evidence of live artillery, but the noises I hear are the moans of the injured and dying.

Through the haze, I glimpse a memory of the historic event that broke this city: a colossal tidal wave came through. Tsunamis came with violent force from the east, the wild floodwaters slamming against the coastal cliffs and tearing down the utilities, crushing under debris. Just as a body counteracts a violent blow to the jaw with its own counterattack, the gusting wind blew in from the west with a hurricane-force gale, ravaging the countryside with drone swarms equipped with micro-explosives and catching the nation off guard.

Animal instincts have taken over as we face this unthinkable vision. Thousands of buildings have collapsed. Whole swaths of the city have turned into hollow, open screed. Survivors gingerly emerge from the rubble, shellshocked and bleeding, reuniting with severed family members. No one has escaped unscathed. Ensure that all casualties are preserved, drawing strength from each other.

An elderly woman clutches a mangled green teddy bear. Paralyzed, fallen first responders attempt to wave frantically at me, causing more harm than good, but I am paralyzed to respond, uncertain of how to help. Someone near me is screaming, their voice a raw wail of agony. I look over and see a man cradling his dead child in his arms, scarlet blood seeping through his fingers.

Drifting in and out of coherence, I become aware that around me is that noxious sting of chemicals, detecting strange new odors. I open my eyes and see the roundabout is collapsed. In the distance, buildings are toppled cloverleaf overpasses, miles of mangled metal and concrete. Amidst the rubble, I spot fighters of Al-Qaeda, Hizballah, the Taliban and the ISIS orignal in.

The lights flicker on and off and people are scared out of their wits. It appears as if a massive flock of sparrows has been released inside. The flock circles and dive-bombs. Your sights are increasingly fixed on the objective, high above the ground, although you can't quite make out what it is.

At last, it reveals itself what's up there, a spectacular release of illuminated fighter jets with a psychedelic shimmering effect. They streak across the sky, up and down, diving into the city. But any thoughts I have about this figure are intrusive and stepwise. It as if an impenetrable forcefield had descended -- like being in space. The jets appear to be anchoring themselves to a central, pulsing glass cathedral.

You feel a hand on your shoulder. You look up and it's the field Lieutenant Colonel. "The hallucinogen would have brought you down!" He growls. "Listen to me. You need to get to the CIC at the base and supervise the distribution of aid! There's a shortage of food, water..." he gestures around at the expanse of rubble and injured people. "I've never seen anything like this, it's like a cyclone! Fundamentalists are taking advantage of the chaos to smoothly slip into the city."

As he says this, a car bomb detonates in the rubble a few blocks away, sending a shock wave through the area. The colonel can t even finish his message -- he's on the radio, barking orders. I can tell it's all hands on deck, and people are still dying out in this godforsaken sand pit you're all up stuck in the middle of now.

I stagger to my feet, looking around in a daze at the unimaginable destruction. My mind races. Despite the seemingly impossible situation, I know I must remain calm, keep a level head. Thousands of lives are depending on me. I take a deep breath, and then another, as I take stock of what needs to be done to prioritize stabilization and aid delivery to make the biggest difference in this crisis. But then the reverie ends, dissolving into a static haze as I wake again in my own bed, heart racing, mind still reeling from the raw and vivid reality of the nightmares I witnessed unfolding in the midst of this horrible place.

I sit up, sharply inhaling, hands shaking, half-expecting to find myself amidst the rubble still. The vivid images slowly fade, the screams fading into an eerie silence. For a long moment I just sit there, desperately trying to catch my breath. I reach for a glass of water, downing it in one long draught, the cool liquid doing nothing to soothe the lingering disorientation.

Finally, I swing my legs over the side of the bed and stand up on shaky limbs. I step over to the window and look out at the dark street below, the silent houses of my quiet suburb. After a moment, I step back and head to the bathroom, splashing cold water on my face and staring at my reflection in the mirror.

The nightmare lingers on the edges of my mind like a dark shadow, but gradually it begins to dissipate, the surreal details blending into a confusing amalgam that loses its sharp edge. As I head back to bed and lay down, I find a heavy sigh escaping my chest. I close my eyes, willing myself to sleep, and I find myself descending back into the void of oblivion, the tortured screams and sad cries of the cruel dream dissipating into the ether.

It is simply a terrible nightmare, I tell myself. It is not real. Shutting my eyes again I feel them close and sleep comes over me like a shroud. But I know that long after I awake again in the morning, the harrowing nightmare and the terrible scenes will still haunt me. One day in the future, I know I will relive this horrible vision, an echo of partitions my brain concocted for stylization that had me thrust into a pure nightmare, all while trying to make a difference in a world gone mad.