I am dreaming. In my dream, I find myself standing in a dimly lit, ornate theater. The air is thick with anticipation as I make my way down a plush red carpet toward the center of the stage. Suddenly, a spot light illuminates me and I realize I'm wearing a silky black kimono adorned with golden dragons. I glance up at the rafters to see hundreds of rapt faces staring down at me from opulent boxes, their whispers echoing through the cavernous space. 

A ornate gong rings out, shaking me to my core. As the vibrations subside, I realize instead of a microphone, there is an impossibly long gait axe resting against this podium. I pick up the axe, and it bursts to life, glowing with an otherworldly light. I start to move, my body acting on pure instinct, like a marionette dancing to the will of unseen puppet strings. 

The audience watches in stunned silence as I throw the axe, blurring through the dark air.

I look at what I hit and I am shocked. In front of me is a magnificent stained glass panel, a semicircle twelve feet tall, lit from behind like a surveillance+spider egg sack. The light seems to originate from the walls behind it, where I see fish, mushrooms, stems and crabs peppered against tree branches, all shown in a pastel palette. I did not hit the glass at all, nor did the axe pierce through the wood of the panel. 

Rather, the axe embedded itself between the lower left corner and the center, equidistant from the bean-like apertures at center bottom and the apex of the semicircle above. With each throw, the shaft of the axe burrows a bit closer, until finally, the weapon disappears into the wood completely.

While maintaining that level of momentum, I start to spin, like an Olympian ice skater launching into a death drop. But instead of pulling inward, I reach all my limbs out to my sides, defying gravity and centrifugal force. I continue to spin, each rotation faster than the last, until I become a blur of black silk and golden scales. 

When the drag slows my momentum, the axe bursts out from the stained glass with an explosive force, sending shards of colored glass and splinters of wood showering down upon the crowd. As the debris settles, I land in a perfect splits, holding the glowing axe aloft in my right hand like a virtuoso triumphantly hoisting a chandelier over his head. 

An electrified roar emanates from the crowd pulsing in time with the constricting lights. From the highest box, I see three information posters falling down, each emblazoned with a single large word: World. Record. Hold.