I am dreaming. The dream begins with a shimmering, ethereal landscape stretching out before me as far as the eye can see. Swirling nebulae in hues of deep violet and emerald green dance across an infinite ceiling of midnight blue, stars twinkling and winking like relics of long-ago wishful thinking.

I find myself standing in the center of an ancient, overgrown stone circle, giant granite slabs covered in intricate, ancient Ogham script lichen mottled and mossy with the passage of eons. A strange, heady scent permeates the air - a heady blend of damp earth, distant saltwater, and a faint hint of sulfur.

As I gaze up at the alien skies, a guttural growl reverberates through the interconnected roots of the towering trees that surround the stone circle. A shadow slithers across the ground, growing longer and wider until it solidifies into an impossibly huge beast.

The creature defies description - almost serpentine, it sports fangs, horns, multiple limbs, and a tail with a glittering, phallic spikes at the end, this thing of ink-black scales and hot, basting coal eyes all swirling and melting together into a nightmarish, discordant whole from Hell. It's freakish but somehow not alien. And if you look hard enough, you see that the sucker is getting off on the fear.

So, naturally, I'm stoked. This is a once-in-a-lifetime encounter - even in dreams. I approach my nighttime visitor with a whoop and a holler, revving myself up, feeling the adrenaline pumping through my veins. "All right, you ugly motherfucker!

Lets dance!"

The beast opens its yawning maw and laughs, a sound like broken glass and grinding bone. It wants to play. No, not play - to test me, assess my strength, my courage, my mad courage. I can see the intelligence blazing in those molten orbs, the primal cunning, the bone-deep hunger for challenge and conquest.

I realize then that this is the opportunity - this is the game, the trial, the riddle posed by some entity I cannot even begin to comprehend. And if I best this creature, if my daring and guile can outmatch its savagery, then the rewards will be beyond anything I can possibly imagine. Power, knowledge, fame, any vice or virtue - and what's more, the chance to push the limits of what it means to be a living, thinking thing.

But godfuckingdamn, I am outmatched. If my muffled threat is a pea shooter, then this beast is a 100 megaton nuclear warhead. The odds are slim to none, and thin the fuckin' out. Any reasonable hominid would back the fuck out now, maybe by midding the least reasonable route.

But reason is long shed, reeled in like some prequel to self preservation. What's left is shattered self confidence, not quite cuckoo, but 80% certifiable and rising. Because there is no soul alive I'd rather be than the one standing here, outnumbered and wide-eyed, a cornered fucking wolf scrubbing for a fight. 

Outward, I break the beast's gaze, hurling one last good laugh, and swallow the overwhelming odds, gnawing on them like toffees.

"Fuckin' 'a', I'm in," I sneer, basking in the wrongness of it all.

"You and me! In the stone circle! Who's the cages, and who's the rattles! Fun fuckin' times!"

I bare my teeth in a manic fucking grin, coming to life, waking up as if the stones themselves were opening.

Some unseen entity had heard my honey trap, "And here we enter the bargain!"

The beast only lets out a shuddering roar, blast furnace heat stripping the bones from my flesh. 

The game is on.

The dream is only beginning.