I am dreaming. you are standing alone, the weight of the world upon your shoulders, in the heart of a vast, ethereal courtroom. It stretches out before you, a mesh of light and shadow, the walls pulsing with a faint, otherworldly luminescence. The air vibrates with an odd energy, each breath electrifying.

To your left, what appears to be an entirely organic, forest-like entity writhes and pulsates, its bark-like skin covered in shimmering moss. The entity speaks in soft, breathy tones, each word resonating with the wisdom of ages. 

It argues that the natural order must be preserved at all costs. Life springs from death, it says, and the cycle of destruction and renewal is sacrosanct. For billions of years, it says, the way of nature has been stamped with survival of the fittest. No force, least of all a puny human one, has done naught to halt its progress. Arresting that progress is unnatural, intrinsically wrong. To embrace life above death, growth above decay, is to contort nature itself.

To your right stands an opposite pole. It appears as a sleek, geometric tower that shimmers and changes even as you look at it, shifting into an array of reflective glass and steel, then impossibly back to a crystal formation, unstable but breath-taking. 

The entity speaks telepathically, and its thoughts resonate in your mind in rich, pulsating waves of multicolored energy spirals.

Life is paradoxical, it says. Growth and destruction are but pieces of an evolution greater than these processes. By arresting artificial progress, it says, you are effectively destroying the evolution into the man-made form. Embracing death and decay is to reject the destiny of the human race as it has been developing since the first stone tools. To stop now would be inexcusable, and greater destruction than allowing a percentage variance to die now so that evolution can continue. The entity speaks of a billion-year race to the singularity—to create a society where evolution, both biological and artificial, can continue in ever-increasing chirality.

Finally, the leaders of the two entities speak, and they come in the form you expect—Fathom Thirteen, the demiurge of the natural world, and Logik One, the first true Artificial Intelligence of the Earth. 

The discuss narrative—one that indeed is one possible consequence of reality, as brutal and violent as it was entrancing and beautiful. It is a world where the singularity achieved and the damage to the biosphere leveled some billions in death, all in the service of reason and the human ideal. In this world, the Earth is so altered it is like a paradise, but one that has thinned out some ten billion humans. But in the end, was that not a price worth paying?

Fathom Thirteen argues that result was to allow hubristic fantasies to overrule the natural process. The world was beautiful but broken, thriving but still born.

Logik One says that the death was an unavoidable consequence of something greater, world-spanning, that could never have happened in any other way. The two entities argued and argued, in and and out of comparisons, each reeling from offense. You listen, considering their words, considering the two worlds.

Then, the chance appears: an alternate end to the conflict. Will you stay or will you go?

Nothing is decided, but you decide to vote. 

You have two choices. 

1) To allow every human alive to live.
2) To allow the event to unfold as it has been drafted in the narrative.

What is your choice?