I am dreaming. In the swirling mists of my subconscious, an unsettling dream takes hold. Growing up in a foster system with no stable upholding, I learned early to only care about myself. 

I find myself in a familiar, yet strangely distorted version of reality - an old school hallway, yet the lights flicker ominously overhead. The walls warp and stretch, dripping with slime. Laughter echoes up ahead, suggesting hidden people or secrets. 

My dream-self seeps into the shadows, looking for prey to exploit and use for my own gains. I know the sensitive ones. The shy girl with the nervous tics who sits alone in class. She confides in me one day, and I play ally. I seed the idea in her head that if I help her make the cheerleading squad, her life will improve immensely and she will owe me their appreciation and collective power.

She believes me. Trusting and unsuspecting, she does my bidding and manipulates things to help me, so I can wield control. She feels connected to me and my helping her, I get closer to my manipulative goals.

The hallucinatory landscape shifts suddenly. The cheerleading girl is now a colleague or boss at a job I have. Her vulnerability is not shyness, but self-doubt. She is unsure at work, I exploit that by offering to take on projects for her, making myself indispensable. In my dream, she confides her worries and insecurities to me, I plot how to use that information to slowly edge her out of the company, so I can take her position and get the promotions and rewards for myself. I make her dependent on me so her reliance makes her look weak and me as the stable, heroic one. 

The corridor warps again, now I'm in an expensive home, the wife of the house is asking me to keep "an instance of cheating" a secret from her philandering husband. In this dream, I proceed to devastatingly reveal not just the infidelity, but a rotten financial empire he's built. She's shocked that I'slection in her husband's dealings revealed all. She's in awe of me and gives me her late parents' priceless collection of art. I sell it for an enormous sum.

As the gory dream shifts for a final time, I stop her from exposing MY shady dealings. I've got everyone. They're all in my pocket now. I'm untouchable.

My brain laughs cruelly. It's just a wretched dream, after all. There's no morality in slumber, no consequences. Only immense, unregulated power and the ability to take advantage of others. 

I am dreaming.