I am dreaming. You are the pilot of a massive airliner, soaring high above the clouds at 37,000 feet. The sun is just beginning to set, casting the sky in a mesmerizing swirl of orange, pink and purple hues. Through the thick glass of the cockpit, you gaze in awe at the vibrant colors painting the heavens as an orange sun dips below the horizon.

Suddenly, the plane jolts violently to the left, causing your heart to race and stomach to drop. The birds eye view is replaced by flashing warning lights and ominous klaxons blaring throughout the cabin. 

You scramble to stabilize the aircraft, but the controls feel sluggish and unresponsive in your hands. Glancing at the instrument panels, you see multiple critical systems failing simultaneously - engines flaming out, hydraulic gain dropping, and electrical generators failing. Your experienced eyes see it's about to crash.

Passengers scream in terror, adulting, kids bawling, invoking the almighty, pissing and shitting themselves in primal fear. The plane shakes and spasms like a wounded beast, metal screaming as it buckles and breaks. 

Your hands move across the controls with practiced precision, running through emergency protocols on autopilot, but intuition tells you there's little hope. Smoke starts pouring into the cabin. Fire. The cockpit is filling with smoke, stinging your eyes and burning your throat.

You still can't level out the ship, and fast-approaching ground appears.

Icy calm washes over you as you realize there's nothing left to do but pray. You've done everything in your power, but fate is cruel and carp makes its own bed. 

Suddenly, all sound fades away, the screams, the warnings, the screeching metal. Oddly, the cockpit is now eerily silent. Your heart thumps in your ears as you prepare to meet your end. 

The aircraft lurches unexpectedly as the ground finally comes up to meet it. Everything falls away. The plane. The cockpit. The screamers and tub thumpers. You feel nothing but an odd floaty feeling as you start to step out of yourself...

...and then you jolt awake, cold sweat pouring down your face and heart pounding. You're breathing heavily as you process you've been dreaming. Looking out the window, you see stores on the street below, and realize you're actually sitting peacefully in your bed. 

You let out a shaky sigh of relief before turning off your recorder. So much for sweet dreams...