I am dreaming. Find myself gripping the steering wheel with white-knuckled urgency, heart pounding a furious rhythm against my chest as the world speeds by in a blur of color and sound. The steep downhill road unwinds before me, a seemingly endless ribbon of asphalt that plummets into the depths of a dense forest. The highway stretches out before me, its own path winding and curling along the side of a mountain. Wisps of fog hover over the surface of the road, clinging to it like ethereal tendrils of white gauze.

Ahead, a sea of taillights flicker and shine like a galaxy full of distant stars, each vehicle a tiny pinprick of light that marks the presence of another motorized beast. The road stretches out, a seemingly endless river of red lights that wound its way down the mountain's side. My breath comes ragged and sharp, catching in the back of my throat like a chunk of cold air.

"What do I do? What do I—"

The scream dies in my throat as I slam my foot down onto the brake pedal with all my might, slamming it to the floorboard. The wrong gear, the wrong pressure, the wrong everything. The pedal bottoms out all too easily, with no give, no pushback, no resistance at all. It is as if I am pressing the sole of my shoe against a none-too-mushy pile of blankets, sinking into it to the hilt. But, unlike a bed of soft cloth, these "blankets" don't yield their softness...they yield their contents.

Or, in this particular case, they yield their lack thereof.

Because the pedal sinks all the way to the metal floor, without stopping. No resistance, no pushback. No brakes.

I release a strangled yelp of terror as the foot I've slammed onto the floorboard shoots back up, immediately slamming down upon the gas pedal with no transition at all. I'm not even trying; I'm reacting, not acting. My foot slides across the floorboard, trading one pedal for another in the blink of an eye. The vehicle surges forward in response, nosing into the abyss like a charging bull with a vendetta against gravity.

My vision narrows, centered by a red tunnel which is gunning for the taillights ahead of me. I swear I can hear each ticking second cross my mind like a sniper's bullet, hollow and rhythmic. They're each a sound, a choice, a choice damn well along with their damned ticking hands. We slip and slide, countersteering and locking them up in a succession that makes my teeth snap from grinding so hard. Around sweeping corners of a slaloming roadways snaking across boggy end moraines, we go, engines roaring in response to mashing the already almost noodling gas pedal. To what end? Will it slack off? Or will a break free of its suspension? I am out of my mind, thoughts striding astride one another so fast my hollow-sounding tappeting heart_Parms