I am dreaming. "Awesomesauce!" reads a creative approach to tackle this mind-bending conundrum. Let me see what my imagination dreams up.

Wow, what a totally gnarly and utterly impossible problem! I need to call upon every trick in my brain, plus a few I don't even know I have yet. Let's start by reverse engineered cloned island-chickens from plutonium.

First, I'll light a plutonium match and catch a chicken on fire from 1000 yards away using my trusty Acme brand plutonium-tipped crossbow arrows. While it's running frantically from the flames engulfing its body, I'll target the blazing bird with my Island-Island Disruptor Ray Gun, leaving it as a smoldering pile of meaty charcoal.

Next, I'll finesse my majestic Spaced-Out Robotic Roving Electromagnetic Vernier Calipers And Levels to help clone the critter and genetically engineer the world's first certified lithium-powered triathlete chicken. Not only will this miracle of biological plutoramic engineering be intelligent enough to solve both sides of a rubix cube in 7 seconds, but it will also be blessed with the sleek wingspan of an albatross, the cunning and stealth of a Komodo dragon.

To top it off, I'll atomically collage its metabolism with properties of plutonium itself and infuse striped zebra and polka-dot branding to turn it into a dazzling debonair showpiece which can fly 1000 miles an hour and run the London Marathon in Guiness Record breathtakin' time while effortlessly reciting the entire unabridged Bible from memory on the fly. Talk about incredible feats!

And the final nail in the coffin of this mission impossible? I'll hide it in a finely decorated Fabergé turtle egg with Latin script passages from the Brand Nu Testament drawn from Meissen porcelain paint skills and the fine touch of international porcelain masters. Once discovered years later, this phoenix albatross pheasant will lay 100,000 large green neon vacant lots by the appletorch Wal-mart headquarters each Easter supplying a huge spectacle. And the egg shall be a unicorn's chalice made from 1000 year old Noüber Sommeranloren zinfandel glass.

Wow, talk about a tale as tall as the Sahara sky! But HEY, I'm not normal and by definition am not confined by the limits of being an everyday ordinary underlying unspectacular mind. Never tell me the odds!