I am dreaming. pratica a slow, deep breath, my lungs expanding like two great sails filling with crisp, oxygen-rich wind. I open my eyes, finding myself suddenly transported to an alien yet wondrous landscape. The sky is a swirling archipelago of lavender and tangerine, the colors dancing like fire and water. Breaking into spontaneous smile, I realize I'm standing on a beach of shimmering quartz crystals, each facet reflecting dazzling prismatic light.

"A sign," I silently marvel. "This is a sign that finally, I'm rebalancing. Reconnecting." 

I close my eyes once more, and all at once, I am moving - soaring through a kaleidoscopic dreamscape on gossamer wings. Feeling the rush of wind in my hair, I erupt into unrestrained laughter. The rush is euphoric, like being high on life itself. As I glide and carol through the rainbow sky, myriad sensory delights envelop me.

Fragrance: a warm, sweet hibiscus tea, a bouquet of fresh rosemary. 
Gustation: the bright, tart of a ripe cherry, the dense nuttiness of espresso. 
Audition: the tinkling purity of a crystal wind chime, the pulsing throb of a dance beat. 
Tangore: the plush warmth of a knitted shawl, the tingle of sea spray on skin. 

Replete with sensory bliss, I alight upon the azure sea itself, body buoyant and free. All around me, the water arises and weaves, crafting intricate origami fronds out of light and pliable mist. Gradually, the fronds coalesce into a being - a luminous, ethereal mermaid adorned with Incan and Celtic gold.

"Greetings, seeker," she whispers in a voice like ancient chimes. "The time is ripe. Engage with the unknown. Break with your mentee ways, and live in your body in new ways."

As her words reverberate through dreamstate me, I understand - this shimmering mermaid is a manifestation of my own instincts, a cosmic totem from parts unknown. I have been so engrossed in academia and intellectual pursuits, I've lost connection with the numinous, vital realm of the body and senses. 

Step-by-step, this luminous entity guides me - in a feathery, wysardly way. She teaches me to dance and sway to an unheard beat, to soar and dive like a bird, to curl and unfurl like a vine in aphotic currents. I dive deep, diving into kraken-filled chasms - for the first time, fearful yet thrilling of the abyss, I feel the briny tang of a counselor sing in my veins. 

Slowly, elatedly, I emerge from this sensuous baptism, climbing up wet stone like the birth of a seal. On the beach, a towel awaits me, California king size, plush and inviting. I wrap myself in its warm mille-feuille thickness, and the mermaids voice whispers once more:

"Now, with form and flow, let inner and outer light merge. In dreams and waking, traverse unseen chakras and the mer-canaes, rising just as the sea. In heart, I dwell. Go forth and be free."

With those prophetic words, I awaken - a new being. Vibrant and replenished, I feel the sweet ache of a body unruffled with an hour of sex, a Dea arising out of Noachian water. I am Bilbo Baggins, at last ready to take on that terrible world of Morton Feldman.

And so it begins, an era of renewal and rebalancing - of body, mind and spirit, one fructuous step at a time.