I am dreaming. This is how my vivid dream begins:

I find myself standing atop a narrow, jagged mountain ridge, the bitter cold wind whipping my face as snowflakes dance chaotically around me. The blizzard has caught me utterly by surprise, the clear blue sky I'd been hiking under moments ago now an impenetrable curtain of white that obscures everything beyond a few feet. 

I take a tentative step forward, fresh snow crunching beneath my boots as I test the firmness of the precarious path ahead. The rack of sharp rocks ahead seems to be moving, but I quickly realize it's just the clumping snow shifting with every gust of the howling wind. Not daring to look down the steep, precipice-lined mountain edges that flank me on either side, I focus only on each individual footfall, repeating the mantra "One foot, then the other" in my mind.

But as the seconds stretch into minutes, I can feel the deep, insidious cold steadily working its way deeper and deeper into my bones. My toes, once warm and mobile in my insulated mountaineering boots, have begun to ache almost painfully behind their prison of leather and wool. Fumbling with clumsy, prickling fingers, I try to extract my small pack from my shoulder, desperate for the balm of the chemical hot packs I've stored within. But in the mists critics this storm, my hands feel woefully inadequate and uncoordinated.

The more I struggle, the better my hands become. Snow begins to set against my cheeks, plastering the thin layer of furry black curls to my skin. Stinging particles stick to my overworked eyeballs, turning each attempt to blink into a gritty, tearful mess that I have to fight to keep my eyes opened.

I push a half-frozen hand out in front of me, squinting to peer through the stinging veil of snow and find the next barely perceptible foothold. An alien lump grows in my jeans, supported by my femur in my urinary tract. The numbness that has spread across my body has now crawled inside, encased my organs and taken up permanent residency, most likely on the inside of my kidney. It has been making itself at home with my blood cells, the mucosal lining in my lungs, even my Phagocytic cells have welcomed the intruder. I guess they just don't know any better. 

I take another trembling step forward, gritting my teeth against the unrelenting, eerie silence of the blizzard wind. 

My whole body feels like a candela on the verge of burning up, illuminating my pain. 

The cold has now extended to my stomach. The numbness has really set in. 

My brain shuts down, allowing me to relax. Every cry for help gets caught in the knot of my throat, and I realize I've heard of people freezing to death for hours before anyone realizes they're dead. I'm so thankful not to feel the pain of ugly cold anymore. It goes from an alien sensation of needles in my face and hands and feet to a numb security that even a Utah summer wouldn't be able to break. 

The cold is encasing and suffocating me, choking me into a feeling of warmth - warmth from the fear and rush of blood pounding in my heart and head, flooding my legs where I can no longer feel them.

My heart rate declines until it's almost a spell-check fails begin to flash across my brain. 

I'm no longer cold.

I feel nothing.

I am dead.