I am dreaming. I was strolling through the city today feeling particularly lonely and disconnected. The grey office buildings towered above me, only furthering my sense of isolation. As I passed by a nondescript community center, I noticed a small flyer tacked up on the bulletin board: "Support Group for the Chronically Lost: 3pm Sundays." I didn't know why, but something compelled me to rip off a tab from the bottom with the address and stuff it into my pocket. I've been feeling lost in more ways than one lately.

Fast forward to this afternoon, I found myself standing in front of the very same address an hour early, fidgeting with the tab. The building looked dilapidated, crumbling brick veneer, rusty fire escape, overgrown bushes. I plopped myself down on the top step and closed my eyes, listening to the thrum and honk of a big city. I was so deep in thought, I nearly fell over when a pleasant voice said "I see you've been touched too?"

"Wha? Oh, um, touched?" I mumbled.

"Huh. Well I'm Margie, welcome to the Society of Wanderesses." She held out her hand and I shook it reflexively.

"Hi, I'm...I'm Jezanna, nice to meet you," I managed, and we both nearly fell over as a second person tripped coming up the steps and tumbled right over us.

"Case!" Margie cried, as I was hit in the face with a duster, sent flying by the sudden fall.

"Forgot my duster gloves at the-aaaah. Ha ha sorry." A guy with a receding hairline who seemed harried and red busted his way to the top of the pile. "Case is here also."

He brushed himself off and got a pained look. "Ah my soulmate. She better not be here," he moaned.

We all hugged the wall as a procession of what seemed to be hundreds started filtering by a homeless guy who made a sweeping motion over a hot air steam grate at the base of the steps.

"Hey buddy, no more than a hundred!" he called over to Case.

"It's a big group," Margie said to me, ticking her head toward the column of strange-looking people. "You'll get used to it. What happened to your face?" She gestured to the dust on my face.

I indulge and rub at it with my shirt, unwisely, which leaves a ruddy smear. "Case. He means well." I try not to be too bothered by the inexperienced wanderess.

Every intake of the party smelled different, and no matter what you ate, it tasted bland to you. Margie invited me over for dinner the next night, I couldn't wait to smell Thai for the first time.