I am dreaming. As I begin to dance, my body moves almost of its own accord, filled with a fluid grace born of thousands of hours of practice and dedication. The grand theater before me melts away, replaced by an endless field of soft ebony and crimson flower petals that rustle gently under my feet. Each step sinks deep into the floral bed, leaving anothersmark of crushed petals in my wake.

The air around me pulse and dances with vibration and with an intoxicating, honey-sweet scent, seeming to part and flow around me so that there is nothing between me and the goal ahead.

The judges lend their intimidating presence in this dreamspace, transformed into three towering, mis-shapen creatures. Their skin is a wizened wooden bark, their eyes deep knotholes of glowing obsidian. Their limbs are like the branches of ancient trees. Yet as I dance, they shift, and I realize that what I see as strange puissance is merely their admiration and encouragement.

I leap and pivot, twirl and dip, swooping and weave, in a whirling dervish of ever-changing poses and motions, all the while drawing long chords of silvery light from the skies above that trail behind me like tattered ribbons of cloud.

All around I feel the weight of their eyes as I pirouette and jeté, arms outstretched to the heavens. Bits and pieces of the judges' encouragement float through my dream like the petals on the wind:
"You have trained well, there is no comparing," votum from the one nearest.
"It is as if you soar with the birds of the skies," murmured another.
"A thing of beauty no one has seen before," intoned the last.

The judges seem to grow larger and larger, until they dwarf the rest of the dreamspace, their knothole eyes consuming me with approval and excitement. Then with a flash, they are gone. When my vision returns, I am standing upon an impossibly high cliff, with the sun hanging just over the lip. I can hear the soft laugh of the judges over my shoulder:

"The future can be dazzling, child. To fly or to fall-"

The sun pulls a wheeling bird from its waist, and voice and vision vanish like smoke in a wind, leaving me to hover on the edge of cliff suspended between destiny and annihilation.

The world begins to fade into palor, reality straining at the seams of sleep, and I jolt awake, in my bed, in my own room. A pit climbs up my throat, and I bury my face in my hands, my pulse hammering. Despite the terror of the dream, the memory of the judges' praise still echo in my mind, and I feel a glimmer of certainty kindle in my heart.

Yes, still awake, I will achieve my destiny, I will soar on the winds of success, I will dance until the sun falls.