I am dreaming. As my consciousness drifts into the realm of dreams, I find myself standing in a dimly lit alley behind a row of dilapidated buildings. The air is thick with a heavy, oppressive energy that seems to claw at my throat as I wait to see what the dreamscape has to show me.

Suddenly, a figure emerges from the shadows, moving towards the far end of the alley. Is this who you wanted me to see, my crazy mind? 

I follow at a safe distance, staying in the shadows of the doorway I'm standing next to.  The figure is dressed in all black, leaving their face obscured. They move deftly, as if they know the alley like the back of their hand. Before long, we arrive at an old, rusting green door. They pause before knickering it open and sliding through the rough wooden door.

I face a conundrum  - stay and watch this person I don't know make a strange entry into this old building, or let it go? My curiosity wins out as I make my way over, pushing the door open slowly, wincing as the creaking door threatens to alert them to me.

I can't see them

A scream piercing the silence of the room, followed by another. And another. They sound like screams of terror, accompanied by heavy, panicked breathing. 
This is too much. I can't just walk in there. I make my way forward, and as I open the door, the light hits the body on the floor. I can't look away. I see they're lying in a puddle of something dark, presumably blood. Their face is twisted into a frustrated and shocked expression. Does this mean ... they're dead? 

A wave of confusion and shock rin over me, adrenaline flooding me and preparing me to fight or run. I can't think straight as my brain rapidly attempts to make sense of what I've seen.

From the next room, I hear an odd scraping sound. And then, footsteps. And a voice.
"You shouldn't have come here."
I can hear the seriousness in their voice, and I realize this dream has suddenly turned incredibly dangerous. I have to snap out of this, now.

My flight instinct kicks in as I start to edge away from the door. I need to get out of here. Clearly, this scenario has been asking me to defend what I believe in, to stand up for what I know is right. And I can't do that in this dream. 

I squeeze my eyes shut tightly and will myself to wake up. The image of that poor soul on the floor appears in my mind's eye. I feel sick. I wake with a start, finding myself safely in my room at the start of a new day.

I take a deep breath, thankful to have my bearings. I need to shake off the haunting feelings the dream is leaving me with, the guilt I feel for not doing anything to help when I could and the fear from the threat at the end. I won't forget this dream in a hurry. 

What a powerful dream that was. It really highlighted the importance of standing up for what's right, even when things feel scary. It was also a reminder that one action, one moment, can have drastic consequences. I'm not sure what it sought to teach me, but I'll definitely be contemplating on it for a while.