I am dreaming. Immersed in translucent darkness, I open my eyes and find myself standing in the fluorescent glare of an Olympic stadium, a monumental arena thronged with roaring spectators. The air is electric with anticipation, the collective heartbeat of thousands pulsating in my chest. I feel alive, every nerve ending tingling with surreal intensity.

I am clad in a sleek, form-fitting bodysuit, the fabric shimmering like liquid starlight under the blinding stadium lights. My limbs are taut strings drawn back and ready to release at a moment's notice. I can see the muscular cords in my legs tensing in preparation. Water droplets, still beaded on my skin, shimmer and refract the light. My flesh is slick with cheap pre-performance sunblock, which forms a hard, plate-like layer against my skin. 

The announcer's tinny voice reaches my ears, distant and distorted, as the roaring crowd begins to fade into the background. I focus, inner ear canal throbbing, drawing the  (outer world) in, tuning my muscles for what is to come.

Suddenly, I am poised on the starting block, toes curled around the rubbery edge as they dig into the pit of quicksand beneath me. Water from my last lap, since collected, streaks down the side of my suit-clad face and chin, to gently pool in the crevices of my teeth, dripping off my jaw to splatter against the white lines on the pavement pool deck.

The starting gun shatters the silence, ricocheting off my temples and into my abdomen, and I am launching myself forward.

Hands slap the water, fingers extended like claws. My buttocks tighten, driving me forward, pushing me faster, yet the pit of magma beneath me holds me back, threatening to consume me, as if I were balancing on the rim of a volcano, toes curled around the edge. Despite this threatening pressure, I drive on, my thighs crushing together, hips snapping forward. 

Time seems to slow.

Still, I press onward, the sound of my churning through the water more akin to the roar of an inbound fighter jet than the splash-bloop of finger meets water. Subtly, I shift my shoulders, tilting my breaststroke into a freestyle. My arms slap the water, ripples trailing behind me, fading back to droplets, which dissipate into the ether.

I feel strong in my shoulders, sun-beams alpha-grasping as they stretch and rotate my pecs muscles. As my neck shifts, I feel the pressure build behind my eyes, spewing out in a vibrant rainbow. Surging forward, I breathe, and the water tastes sweet, caramelizing across my tongue.

Ahead of me, atop the concrete tower, the clock ticks by. 1:00, then 1:01, 1:02, and still, I press forward, closer, until -

0:59.48

The stainless-steel spikes, parked on the rim of the diving board, sparkle under the lights. water-jet chute, mushrooming up from behind me, caps off my half-light splashing body.

Legs, nubile like Kindal pipes, launch me upwards, and I explode into the air, golden medal around my neck, sleek to my flesh, cooling heat-stroke reddened skin. I flick, tug at my black hair, and laugh, loud and volcanics prone.

It is over. I am winning gold.