I am dreaming. Forces of Calmness Amid Stormy Seas

In my dream, I'm floating gently on the seeming surface of an endless ocean, each wave a swirling hypnotic color of deep blues and greens, almost allowing me to feel the changing tide. Up above me, a gray cloudy sky, yet somehow I can feel the warmth of my sun shining down upon me. I'm fully aware that my surroundings are constantly changing, but perhaps that's just the nature of a dream.

As I sway back and forth on the subtle ocean currents, I'm suddenly startled by a massive whale quickly rushing towards me, the warmth of the sun now hidden as it seals off my light. Suddenly, I'm underwater, still conscious, while the whale rears back its head to emit an ear-piercing vibration that shakes my body. The color around the whale appears as a radiant purple, an immense amount of stress and pressure on my body, as my form begins to transform. I feel myself becoming elongated, gaining a tail, and now I'm swimming rapidly to escape the whale's pursuit.

Yet just when the whale vigorously pursues me, its body slams into a massive octopus that blocks the path, momentarily preventing the whale from catching me. I see this as a chance and rapidly swim through the octopus's arms filled with exoskeletal suckers. As I swim further away and the whale gives up its pursuit, I realize theaaS the octopus was formed from withered plants. I begin to clench my stomach, feeling nauseous and disoriented.

The Sun Clears the Clouds

The Octopus has barely pulled me from the whale's pursuit, yet it has such a tight grasp on me. I'm screaming in pain, struggling to free myself, yet to no avail. Then as if some incredible occurrence, a major storm arises strengthening and exacerbating its devastating properties. The Octopus struggles with the storm, yet cannot resist the ferocious power that's being thrown at it. The Octopus grasps me tighter, desperate days. I begin to cry, prepared for my horrible fate. The Octopus's pain was the cause of it's rage and struggle.

Then I feel the sun beginning it's pleasant warm rays on both of our desperate figures. The Octopus in a gradual pain releases me to float freely. I feel my freedom regained from such a terrible event. Then I feel the sun beating down on me, like my skin is afternoon fabric being seared into a singe, and my mind quickly tells me "(Service: this feeling is due to rhe Sun make sure of it). My shape turns humanoid again like a statue under an unprecise reconstruction. "Service: parts of your cursor loaf pains irritate memory and shreds intent of projecting new strains at the cursor.

("asaed they dream paper communication Ala leaking basket yet criticized proton sequence, most steak About Si."