I am dreaming. In my dream, my senses blur and blend in a kaleidoscope of synesthetic sensations. Each sound I hear explodes upon my tongue like a symphony of flavors - the crackle of a campfire is a tangy-barbecued delight, street conversation becomes a smorgasbord of spice and savory notes, birdsong is an ethereal, crème brûlée-ish sweet treat. 

At the same time, every color I glimpse reverberates through my ears like a musical masterpiece uniquely tailored to its shade and hue. Bright yellows reverberate like jovial trumpets heralding a cheerful dawn. Lush greens thrum a contemplative melody, evoking sensation of peace and growth. Vivid reds blare an urgent, pounding beat, heart-pounding and passionate. 

Overcome by this unprecedented assault of taste and sound, I begin to shape and mold the very fabric of my dreamworld using this bizarre synesthesia. I reach out and pluck an orange-colored shape from the fluffy sky, hearing an airy, playful flute melody while tasting the refreshing burst of citrus. Pinching the orange sphere, I mold it into a glowing orb that pulses with pulsed with an erratic, feverish rhythm. Tasting the Port wine red hue, I hear the clanking, clanking of metal digging deep. I toss the sphere, its sound and taste spurring its form into a magnificent fountain of brass tubing, gleaming and gnashing.

Glancing at my own hands in wonder as they sculpt atesthetic joysefl however I please. They swirl and paint with Herman Melville whorls of rainbow color, each exhalation of breath tangy and spicy on my tongue. The landscape of the dream world grows more fantastical with each passing second, an endless construct of my synesthetic impulses. Tentacles surge from the ground in undulating waves, their bark brown color thrumming like a solid, earthy rhythm while tasting of rich root beer. Gargantuan trees tower, their shed timber blue fracturing apart like thunderclaps of ocean waves. 

I am a megalomaniacal synesthetic architect, my consciousness an endless font of creative potential. Lost in wonder at my own abilities, I drift through sound-and-taste given form, its ever-shifting landscapes a vaster landscape of my mind than I ever knew possible. 

Slowly, snippets of the real world intrude - light creeping under my bedroom door, the muffled sound of a car engine starting a few streets away. With great reluctance, I awake, colors and noises receding in an aching ache to come back quickly.