I am dreaming. In this world, everything is upside down - quite literally. The ground is the sky, and vice versa. If you were to fall, you'd float up to the rock-hard heavens above, while standing is a tricky balancing act on clouds you can't quite grasp.

Every thought you have comes out backwards. If you want to say "Hello", you have to think "olleH" instead. This makes both listening and speaking an exercise in mental acrobatics, constantly flipping what you want to express.

Food and drink work in reverse too. Eating and drinking intake makes you lose weight and shrink in size. The more you consume, the smaller you become. You'd see people greedily stuffing themselves, not to get bigger, but to try and fit inside a keyhole undetected or escape danger. It's a common sight to see someone frantically guzzling gallons of water in a desperate bid to become a tiny enough target to evade enemy arrows in combat.

Memory also works differently here. The more you forget, the more you remember. The goal is to have no memories at all. If you manage to erase every single experience from your mind, you'll have perfect recollection of everything. People wake up every morning determined to forget absolutely everything from the previous day, so they can remember it all with crystal clarity. The more you can forget, the wiser and all-knowing you become. It's a bittersweet cycle of constant forgetting in order to truly remember.

Time also runs in reverse. The more time passes, the younger you grow. If you manage to stay alive long enough, you'll eventually revert back to a fetus and head back to the womb, ready to be born again. But there is a catch - everything else moves forward. So you could end up as the father or mother of your own parents, giving birth to the couple that conceived you in the outside world. Finding a spousal partner is essentially seeking your own child and raising them to be ready for the big union after decades.

Even achievements work in reverse. Your worth is measured by the absence of positives. The emptier your trophy room, the greater your life's accomplishments. Instead of celebrating wins and superior quality, people compete over who can fail the fastest, achieve the lowest grades, or hold the record for the shortest employment in any job. The non-achievers become the big-shots in this world.

Free will works backwards too. You're only able to do what you're not allowed to do. Laws give you permission to break the rules and you'll find yourself knowing you legally must jaywalk, shoplift, and borrow a neighbor's car without asking if you want to abide by the laws governing behavior. A police officer's only weapons are permits and mandatory paperwork giving you legal permission to disobey commands. Despite this, most people resist the urges of their criminal instincts and try to act within the illicit mandates of the law.

Overall, there are only two constants in this world. First, if you eat or drink anything, you'll simply have to accept the inevitable unappetizing taste of slightly burnt roof tiles. No matter the delicacy or flavor - honey, wine, gasoline, even batteries - taste buds always detest the sensation of breathing in the smell of roof tiles that have been sitting in the sun for hours. Additionally, the wind always brings the musical sound of flutes gently blowing the melody to Beethoven's Fifth Symphony, except when someone does their laundry. If anyone is even remotely within hearing distance of a clothes washer or dryer in use, the gentle breeze morphing into melodic music will stop, only returning to normal after the final whistle of the washing machine's spin cycle.