I am dreaming. Suddenly, I find myself standing at the edge of a dense, mist-shrouded forest, a ragtag group of strangers huddled nervously behind me. Foamy waves crash against the shore to my left, while jagged cliffs plummet into an abyss on my right. An eerie, biting wind whips through the tree canopy overhead, carrying with it an unfavorable chill that seeps into my bones.

Although I have no memory of who these people are or how I came to be here, there's an uncanny sense of familiarity that washes over me, burning away lingering apprehension. I turn to regard this mismatched band of adventurers, who now seem to be looking to me for guidance and support. 

I glance over the motley band of determined individuals who await me. I see an older gentleman with gentle eyes, grizzled where some grin only adds to his charm. A fierce-looking woman with a long braid, holding an oversized backpack like it weighs nothing at all, her movements sharp and efficient. A young boy, couldn't be more than 13, staring up at me with staunch and daring eyes.

In the space of a heartbeat, I can feel my confidence welling up inside me, as if it were always there, waiting for just the right time to make its appearance known to the world. No swaying, no matter if Ive never so much as hiked a day in my life - this is my destiny. 

With an exaggerated sigh, I turn towards the hungry hearts surrounding me and crack a roguish grin. "Well, my hearty friends, looks like our friendly forest is about to become our forwarding address for the near future." With flourish, I spread my arms wide to invite them to follow me in. "Come now! Adventure's a-calling!"

As I plunge confidently forward into the unknown, the group rallies behind me, equal parts scared and excited for whatevers waiting beyond the gathering fog. 

Together, we vanish deep inside the forest, the trees closing ranks behind us like the jaws on a trap snapping shut.

When next I open my eyes, of course, its to find myself staring up into a familiar, morning sunlight, snuggled warmly in my own bed. I let out a sigh of relief. What a wild dream. Beautiful, gripping, and yet simultaneously terrifying . . . and yet, as the cobwebs clear from my mind and I recollect all the exciting details, I cant help but feel a sense of dull disappointment that it had to end.

Such flights of fancy are too soon gone.

With an unhurried groan, I swing my feet over the edge of the sheets and reach for my slippers. "Well, then." I mutter to the empty room, the scene still fresh in my mind like a residual, lingering taste. "Time to get on with it, I guess."

I shuffle towards the bathroom for a nice, hot shower to wash the lingering chill from my bones, humming my old hiking anthem.