I am dreaming. "Oh, my god! Moments from the defining performance of my career and I realize that my preparation has been entirely wrong," I gasp, my heart pounding in my chest like a drum. The dim lights of the backstage area suddenly get cast away, throwing me under the harsh glare of the spotlight. I blink my eyes rapidly, trying to clear the fog in my mind. 

Before me lies the round, silver stage. The polished floors gleam like polished silver, and the embroidered walls shudder with every step I take. The fans roar in the background, their excited cheers a constant reminder of the masses eagerly waiting for me to enchant them with the performance of my life. I take a step forward, my bare feet hitting the ground like a leaf hitting the mundane sun-kissed terrain of the countryside.

A surge of adrenaline rushes through my body as I realize the gravity of the situation. The rules state that I must perform the Aria of Bells, an intense piece that showcases my unmatched vocal skills. But I have not practiced this piece. I have wasted my time, perfecting a different piece - El Eco del Sentimiento de un Huaso Real, a soft ballad that I was wrong to plan for. A bead of cold sweat dribbles down my face, leaving a trail of my most crafting failure in the world's eyes.

"Berry," the stagehand calls, her voice a monotonous echo in my mind. "Berry, it's showtime."

I take a deep breath and let it out as a sigh. I realize now that I have two options. I could walk out onto that stage, frozen permanently by the fear that grips my heart in chains. Or I could step out each step like I always have, clasp onto the sturdiest chord I can strain in my brain and - and tell them about the story of my soul.

I look up at the round overhead lights, a science opinion of fifth star music scintillating through each little vibration. I let a sly line slither into my mind, a dash of light-hearted, never-ending wonder at the task that rests on me to craft a piece entirely extemporaneous.

Nearing the edge of the caliber, my poise is to perform, listening intently for the clicking of the goblet that tells me it is my moment. I open my mouth to begin, and just as I do, I remember the rudimentary song I was to sing: Don't be afraid to let go. Berry, Berry, just let it come from the heart.

And then I sing. My words are not learned or practiced, not rolled into the forefront of my self-conscious soul. But I pour my words with unadulterated soul - after all, when you're trying to pleased a gigantic crowd of people, this is the greatest way to rip hearts out.

The song - Oh! The song! It echoes throught the theatre like the soft pluck of a harp, the light of a pond during a solstice evening, or the bright stream of a lolling waterfall. The crowd gasps in awe, reeling and ducking for more. "More! More!" I envision myself crying, my voice heavy with tears.