I am dreaming. In my dream, I find myself back in my childhood home, but strangely, everything is both familiar and foreign, twisted and distorted like in a funhouse mirror. The walls seem to breathe and undulate, requiring me to constantly recalibrate my sense of direction.

Anxiety floods my body as I realize I'm running late for a social gathering at this altered house. Yet, I have no idea who invited me or why. Panic rises in my throat like bile as I rush to get ready, but no matter how quickly I move, time stretches endlessly and I make no progress. 

In the bathroom, I splash water on my face, only to watch it drip down in reverse, soaking my shirt. I strip off the drenched top and reach for a new one, but find only a rack of gaudily striped socks and mismatched shoes. In a rush of desperation, I cobble together an outfit of these ill-fitting items, feeling like a clownish jester on my way to a nightmare of a party.

As I fumble with the front door, it swings open to reveal an unnatural heaviness outside - the air presses down on me like physical burden, and I realize the clouds are no longer in the sky, but on the ground, squishing beneath my feet like sponge cake. 

I look up and see the most bizarre landscape greet me: towering, jagged buildings erected from gummi worms and marshmallows, their towers topped with spinning (lighters that shoot shaved ice instead of flames). In the distance, I spy a city park, but instead of green grass, it's a psychedelic lawn made entirely of yellow Post-It notes, swaying in the place of tall grass.

To my horror, I realize all the parked cars are filled with eerily still passengers, resembling department store mannequins, all wearing my face like creepy doppelgangers. They regard me with dead, glassy eyes and gesture for me to join them in the pages of this upside-down social gathering. Their mouths open unnaturally wide, a slate gray membrane flapping from the back of their throats, wrapping around and creating a terrible smile as they invite me to step closer, for we belong together.

Utter terror courses through my veins as I realize I don't know if this is a twisted dream or a transgressive journey my mind has taken. I feel like I'm being dunked in an icy bath and splashed with a cold bucket of reality. I cry out, my shrill panic dissolving the picture around me, pulling me away from the visceral awfulness of it all.

I begin to wake up with a thudding heart and stuttering breath. Slowly, my ears fill with the quiet rhythmic chattering of crickets and nocturnal creatures outside. I'm back in my own warm bed, the willow blow snow in  the forest dark soft through the windows from the full moon.

I lay there, a sheen of cold sweat on my skin, contemplating the question that I imagine most of us have: if that was a dream, then what horrors could be lurking in the depths of my own mind?