I am dreaming. *exploring the deepest caverns of imagination*

In this moment of forced decisiveness, I find myself standing in the middle of a great, crystal chamber. The walls, floor and ceiling are all made of rich transparent crystal. Glowing brightly in the center of this space is a bright chandelier of the most brilliant diamonds. Surrounding me at the edges of this chamber are four doors, each a different color - red, blue, purple and gold. 

While I'm admiring the breathtaking decor, four ravishing dolls appear out of nowhere, floating smoothly through the air towards me and then landing on the floor mere feet away. The dolls all look exquisite, wearing glamorous outfits and makeup to match the hue of each door.

The red-dressed doll speaks first, "Welcome, Sir. I shall guide you through the door of passion - with me, every day shall be consumed by adventure and unrelenting lust. No inhibitions, only primal urges. Is this the path for you?"

Next the blue-clad doll chimes in, "But think twice, good sir, before choosing unbridled indulgence. The door of contentment can offer something far more profound - serenity, wisdom, and the embrace of a loyal companion. Satisfaction abounds purposely."

But before I can reply, beautiful whispers assail my ears from either side. The purple-bedecked seductress murmurs, "Be ruled by reason, great sir, and pick the door of competence. I promise ultimate mastery over the corporeal and spiritual realms. Is omniscience too much to resist?"

"And yet," says the gold-draped one swaying sedulously, "Isn't power and intelligence moot without lustrous variety and unforeseen impulses? Picking the golden portal will grant you access to a kaleidoscope of ever-changing situations."

These four captivating dolls surround me, all undoubtedly ravishing and awaiting my choice. The pressure of immediate decision-making presses in on all sides. Their insistent gazes, their alluring beauty - it would be so easy to throw inhibitions to the wind...

But then, I recall the fables of old - of those who strode down the path of unbridled lust or unceasing varied indulgence, only to find themselves astray and enshackled to the passions that had promised ultimate freedom. And I remember the greater wisdoms - that it is mastery of oneself that triumphs in the end. 

With this in mind, I step towards the purple door. "Knowledge is power," I say, having made my decision. "My pick is the door of competence, for it should allow me to expand my mind and evolve as an individual." My choice is made, and to my amazement, the other doors disappear, except the purple one. I feel a surge of magic going through my body, as in that moment, I know I am ready to become more.