I am dreaming. I feel your trepidation as I see you take a deep breath, steeling yourself for the daunting task ahead. The dimly lit, smoke-filled room feels heavy and suffocating, the walls closing in as though to trap you. The air is thick with the weight of other's gaze, their anticipation palpable as they wait for you to share more than you ever wanted. The room is ablaze with nervous energy as anxiously shifting figures await your opening words. Your palms are slick with sweat, your mouth parched and tongue choked with the acrid taste of vulnerability.

As you awaken to find yourself in an unfamiliar but revelatory landscape. You've been summoned to an indecipherable tour. You find yourself surrounded by other travelers - a coterie of strangers each equally bewildered. There is the hawk-beaked man wearing a crimson three-piece suit which flashes like blood in the torchlight. There is the cracked old woman with eyes like glowing coals and an ivory cane. There is the harlequin-faced beauty whose sighs echo like tusks blowing in an antechamber war song. They've been clustered here by the museum curator, a wild-eyed tour guide sporting a three russet feathers entangled in his dreadlocks. 

The group gazes about the warren of ancient rooms, spiraling passages leading to dark corners - as if it's a surreptitious Latin america. 

"Here," the Curator pronounces, "we uncover the dusty truths concealed beneath closed doors, the ignored lies preserved for the innocent - and the forbidden. "

Timidly, the restorationists and world's most powerful arms collector share treasures from their armoires and calligraphies. Each one's relic is stories, occult residual traces as they splay in the cathedral.

Atop this, you are asked to surrender your truest tokens, unearth your secret documents detailing the indigene this time.
But you resist, retreating into iptergy seeming to eschew the erotic.
But the Curator insists, his whispers growing in volume.
Every one is looking.

 You feel the hairs on the back of your neck rise as you realize the analogous bedroom radiance of the spotlights upon you.
All the while, the curator whispers - this time with a seductive sing, "Mhm, I see shadows becoming one, fusing into night."

 You find yourself unravelling. 
The dream is too vivid, disquietingly realistic. Angels and falling stars and glass crystals spinning, the Earth carrying more secrets than a fallen graveyard.

You are overcome, spread yourself across the cool tile as everyone watches and waits.