I am dreaming. You find yourself in a vast, yet cozy, round room with no windows, only walls lined with overstuffed bookshelves and plush armchairs. The air is filled with the comforting scents of old books, fresh coffee, and a faint hint of lavender. A circle of mismatched chairs occupies the center of the room, already populated with a fascinating array of individuals.

The More You At the center alone, sits an old, weathered chair holding an ancient woman. Her wrinkled skin and milky eyes hold wisdom older than time itself. She wears a vibrant headwrap adorned with colorful beads that clack softly as she sways. Her lips curl into a knowing smile as her fingers tap rhythmically on her knee.

To her immediate right is a shiny, black leather office chair, its cold plastic tray already unnecessarily cluttered with paper, visibly religious items, and an open laptop.  A middle-aged man in a crisp suit fidgets in the seat, his gold watch and tie pin flickering in the warm glow of the room's lighting.

At the elderly woman's left is a small, pastel-colored tiki chair, occupied by a boardroom-savvy young lady with dyed lavender hair and bright facial piercings. She taps impatiently on her phone, her fluorescent blue nails clicking vigorously against the screen.

As you take your seat in a simple, wooden armchair between the man and woman, you notice a young boy sitting on a colorful beanbag chair at the edge of the circle, kicking his legs back and forth subduedly. His eyes are downcast, and his fingers are entwined nervously in his lap.

The group's eyes are upon you, awaiting your facilitation of their discussion on an important, yet seemingly un-defined, topic. You sense a need across the circle to be heard and valued.

You inhale deeply, feeling an overwhelming sense of responsibility and purpose. You know, somewhere deep within, that you will set the tone. Your mind is clouded with questions about where to even begin.

As your eyes scan the circle, you notice that the ancient woman is holding up a pull-string-it's purple. When you pull it, you know it might balance everyone in the circle.

You pull the string, and to your surprise, it stretches between the ancient woman and yourself. You grip it firmly, for you understand this means you are connected to her words and have the wisdom to give the discussion an open, purposeful beginning. With galvanized confidence, you speak.

You are here to arrange a discussion of diverse perspectives. Eliciting contributions from all, you are mindful of the power dynamics in the room. The financial stability given by the man in the expensive suit is an acknowledged privilege. His desire to be heard is understood. The young women's workplaces are likely laden with priorities for increased "diversity", and it is this request for equity that drives her impatience and constant vigilance.

The motherly figure across from you is warm, yet firm. The boy beside you needs validation for the creativity of his thoughts. Letting all these value systems to flourish is the way this room will find its ideal design.

You focus on the boy, knowing that his insights, if listened to, can move the group productively forward. He looks up, a little shy, and responds to your question. "I think we've all come here for a reason," he explains, picking at his fingernails slowly. "And that reason is to listen to each other."

The ancient woman nods, and the others seem to absorb his wisdom more attentively. You feel a change in the room; the energy flowing between everyone is more open and receptive. Realizing that when people are heard, others in the room are more joyous to hear them.

You facilitate the discussion, making sure to draw out the points of those who are not being heard. The women finds her voice, sharing stories of resilience and resourcefulness. The man in the suit gradually loosens his hold on the conversation, allowing others to speak without interruption. He contributes, to unhindered discussion about his claim to financial superiority, giving way to a shared appreciation for the value of each person's time and energy.

As the discussion progresses, you feel a sense of joy rising within you. Watching everyone gain confidence and flourish in their thoughts. Observing how every individual deserves to be understood, and how this room can model for the world, that one can indeed support the personal growth of all.