I am dreaming. In this vivid dream, I find myself in an enchanted forest, the air thick with an ethereal mist. As I walk along a winding path lined with illuminated mushrooms, I begin to notice an peculiar sensation. My energy seems to ebb and flow based on the people I encounter along my journey.

First, I come across a group of friends from my past. They excited me with their warm smiles and flurry of embractions as we reminisce about old times. 

Playing a game I haven't done in years, laughing at silly jokes, and sharing heartfelt anecdotes, I feel my energy and spirits soar. Conversations flow, inspiring a natural high. The mystical forest around me seems to shimmer in response, the trees glowing and pulsing with luminous, golden energy. Even the plants and creatures seem invigorated by the delightful reunion. I am able to share myself more freely, and feel myself lifting the energy of those around me.

Refreshing my connection with old friends, I continue down the path. However, this time I encounter people from my daily life, those I had just as easily ignored upon hearing their names. Upon seeing them, my energy feels instantly drained. The trees turn dark and leafless, the air getting thin. My movements become sluggish, and my speech slows, my words muffled and tired.

Suddenly, the forest floor opens up into a still pool of acidic-looking water. The group I had forgotten looked like crying. Angry, but sad. Feeling tired, I cross to the other side of the pond, giving a disappointed look as I did. I feel a whiff of lecture, and realize I've overlooked someone.

Returning to the pond but now notice someone struggling, sinking, calling out for help. I know this person is dear to me, yet I have ignored them, trying to save myself.Their seated person seems to be latching onto any debris they can find. Even when I throw my floating area at them, it slips away, or I don't have enough energy to help. Mentally exhausted, I return to regroup.

With renewed vigor, I decide to push onwards until I can see in the mirror again. I'm trying to clear the fogged-up mirror when I see that I've lost sight of everything I've accomplished. Among all the dust, I brush off the awards, awards and achievements to reveal the real reflection, that person whom I've failed to take care of. Waking, I remember my true self.

I wake up from the dream, heart racing, brow sweating. I take a deep breath and reflect on the energetic patterns from the dream. 

I realize that I give my energy to those who uplift me, and take my energy away from those who bring me down. 

A relationship is like two plus one equals three, not two halves of a whole. 

For some reason, I can't help swiping a sinister smile as I think about someone who did or said something or who I did or said something to that caused us to split up just like this one time.