I am dreaming. Weeks have passed since the boy broke the heart of the girl with the golden hair. 

The girl was devastated. She didn't know how to put herself back together again, and she worried that the pieces of her heart that she had scattered might not come back together.

The girl waited desperately every day for someone to call, text, or message her, begging her to come back so that she could go back. But the girl didn't have anyone to text. She was out searching for her broken heart's pieces every second of every day she was alone.

She went on, hoping to get it back together, just to break it again. She went to games and movies, concerts and conventions, and shows and charity events. She went anywhere she could to avoid reality, to avoid her parents, to avoid her teachers, and even to avoid her own face in the mirror. 

But the girl forgot she was out there trying to find herself, and she ran into him.

She ran into his chest at Target, looking down at her cart. It happened so fast that she didn't even see him approach.

The girl was countless hours in her new new routine and barely managed to say anything.

"Whew! You okay there?!"I heard after getting caught off guard by blasting through the aisles of cleaning supplies at a breeze, searching for anything she could relate to.

The boy hadn't changed a bit, although the girl did everything she could to get out of sight. 

Even gone.

He grabbed her cart and pulled her to aisle twelve, not only teaching her how to get into the hot car smuggled snuggled on the sweaty cart, but also how to personally introduce her to Oreos before they took off and cruised it through the whole store. 

Every. Single. Aisle.

He was put in charge.

She didn't know why, but she trusted him, and went along with it. The girl felt the pieces come back together. It felt so good to smile again.

Together, arm in arm down the aisles, Oreos laughing, snuggle empty cart from hour to hour, till the sun set. 

They abandoned it in the isle with Wonder Bread that they landed in, tiptoeing, guilty, till they were safe from check out. And left as quick as they came.

From that day on, the girl didn't have to search for herself anymore.