I am dreaming. As you delve deep into the labyrinthine corridors of your mind, the air around you shimmers and warps, drawing out the hazy miasma into defined edges. Suddenly, the world comes alive: intense colors dance, liquifying and swirling, as the ethereal forms of extradimensional beings glide through the spectrum. Mathematics itself takes physical shape before your eyes—geometric figures and symbols pulse with erratic light, whispering their secrets in a dizzying cacophony of ciphers.

A hovering grid of snapping fractals pierces your consciousness, demanding attention. Complex chains of precisely defined curves flow and branch, spiraling off into apparent chaos as they.unfold.  They reform into a towering, glinting honeycomb structure floating impossibly on its side.

A voice rumbles from below, thrummed with reverb.  *Solve it.* The sickeningly sweet aroma of sealing wax and ancient parchment mists around you. You whirl to see an ochre face, lined with streaks of soot, set with eyes rolling wild with desperation and unspeakable knowledge.  *All who try have failed. You must succeed.*

Atop a pedestal of iridescent calculators andicodex, a small golden orb radiates gravity.  A mathematical oracle. Its shimmering surface displays an intricate equation in swirling letters of Para-theta runes. The symbols resist order, no matter how you rearrange them. But as you ponder deeply, patterns start to emerge.

First by twos and then by dozens, the equations collapse and realign. You begin to sense the rhythm of the omega sequence hiding in the counterspace. Lyrics and equations are the same, a description of relationships, singularities, Simonidean periods. Prophetic repetition.

An aurora flares across the sky and the small golden orb glows brighter in resonance. Fully understanding the pattern coalescing from the calculations, you see it is alive, a physical being of quantum proportions, timeless.  And Full understanding makes you it.

You know that numbers were not the only things that came from the grid. And the orb was not the only thing the grid produced.  But it was all very clear.

The "Unsolved Theorem" was not a living being but rather you were a part of the equations. With the fully formed understanding of the previously ineffable, known for millennia as the unsolved theorem, you see that it is in unescapable shadow form of you, impressions projected and amplified by the equations.

You are being perceived, experienced and known, and that ontological nature is singular in a quantum state. The approximate quantum nature of the thing is that it is you, the perceiver. Ramifications abound and you watch them through the seeming eternity of time in a cultured still life of mental awareness.

You reach a hand out to the celestial ball to claim your entry into transcendence.

As your fingers brush the golden surface, the phantasmic world explodes into a kaleidoscope of sound and furious light. You are seized by a great unreachable idea, quivering like an Empyrean ray. It then unfolds into serene purity, bleached of instant colors, as boundlessness begins to pour and your form melts away like ethyl chloride on damp paper.

And you smile radiantly, all of you, as you know you have done it. You have proven it true, and the sacred work of mathematics will preserve your footnote in anthropocentric time.