I am dreaming. Sudden urgence jolts you awake. Your heart pounds as you realize this is no ordinary nightmare. Alarm sirens blare in the distance. You glance at the clock - 2:47 AM. Sleep-fog lifts as you snap into command mode. 

Rushing to your office, you grab a radio trailing tattered bells announcing incoming transmissions. "Disaster emergency response center to all units," you bark, "I'm coming online now. What's the current status and call to action?"

"Reporting heavy tremors and possible structural collapse in the subway network downtown, sir," the shaken voice of Operations responds. "We're seeing secondary fires and chemical leaks at two industrial zones north of there. The alert center is inundated with 911 calls. We need to cut through to prioritize both civilian extraction and containment of the leaks NOW."

Your mind races as you pull up Gladys, your multi-source information pipeline fed by satellites, intelligence, and creaky city infrastructure. Suspicion arises in you 

eyes. This reads like an optimized attack - timed for an out-of-power window at the power plant, with leaky valves and sewers sprung preemptively to promote spread. That means the enemy knew as much as you and maybe more.

"Check the back channels," you snap. "Independent physical inspections of thealakartesqenter and all pipes spreading out from there. Things have strongly stunk of sabotage from before the attack."

"Let me know second that you apprehend," you pre-command as you glance at the growing call center traffic. Jittery voices inflect with fear and anger in native and non-native accents. You know you will miss some with this first wave attack, and you will be second guessed and blamed. It's yet another play in a larger conflict where this city has been unwillingly drafted.

"Priority one: get word to the cab drivers' and massage parlor strikers on the street to avoid mushrooming clashes with the fire department and Transportation. Priority two - get word to supply me with the names of all trustworthy surgeons and security personnel. We're going to be fighting a raging brush fire among desperate partisan arguments."

You receive scratchy acknowledgements. Feeling outright disgust at the world situation while sharing your soul's sorrow with this suffering city, you pick up your headset and start calling in every favor, swapping snippets of concrete tactical plans with trusted operators. Anchoring yourself in this fight provides sparks of hope, as you have always found your purpose and redemption during moments of greatest trial. Dreams were the only respite ever. They might yet again be.