I am dreaming...

I sit at my desk, a battlefield of deadlines and urgent tasks before me. The clock on the wall ticks away, its steady rhythm echoing in my mind, reminding me of the near-inmissibility of these critical deadlines. My manager's voice lingers, his every word imbued with immediate importance, each task a cardinal priority without peer or equal.

Tasks pile upon tasks, deadlines near and far, stretching and growing like marionette strings pulled by the demanding whims of leadership. The more quickly I work, the more rapidly the strings tighten. The duties coil around me, ensnaring me, limiting my every movement. Urgency weaves a noose around my throat.

I work, my hands moves swiftly as a rollercoaster over tracks. Flashes of red leave a bold trail on every task as it is successfully completed. The world around me blurs into a crimson mist as I paint every document with the fiery hue of done. One by one, the strings fall away...

But still I am bound. Other strings, born of fresh demands and unforgiving urgency, tighten their grasp. Leadership speaks again, insatiable and unforgiving. Tasks continue to build and press down on me, an ever-growing heap of duty and deadline.

Understanding begins to dawn, slow and surreal. Meetings, phone calls, emails - all intercepted by leadership, demanding accomplishment of the newly minted priorities. I speak, I plead, I beg for clarity and focus in the hopes of whittling the tasks to the bare essential. All I get in response is... well... lip service.

They say I am a vital cog, critical to the success of the team and the organization. They tell me of my viability and my value and my potential. The words are empty, hollow, devoid of true meaning. Leadership speaks of my importance but once, twice, a thousand times. These words ring in my ears as the crescendo builds.

The urgency mounts, climbs to the precipice and launches itself into the chasm with reckless abandon. I am lost, my senses muting one by one as the weight of the deadlines bears down. In a world of impossible demands, I am the(importance). Has this all been but a ruse? A charade of compounding complexity strung together with nothing more than ... untrue urgency? The whole of my being screams. Every task, every deadline, they must be false.

But there I go, still chasing, still racing, incomprehensible marathon, pounding, pounding, pounding, heart, breath, pounding.

Until I find myself, on the couch, a Hoyo De Monterrey robusto twirling between my thumb and index finger, exhaling into the crisp evening air. Dreams, you know? Talk about real lack of control. I gaze aimlessly at the faint plumes of smoke while allowing myself to muse on the function of urgency. I clench my fist, releasing the breadth of Emotions, the reincarnated chaos into the all-consuming embrace of Now. I am not watering the wounds with vinegar, but it's sure not sunshine and homilies. I inhale the gritty smoke again, supple and fresh as the day's final sunsets...