I am dreaming. As I dream I find myself in a bustling city square, towering neoclassical buildings looming overhead, their grand facades reaching towards a leaden sky. The air is filled with the din of a thousand conversations and the shrieking of bad street music coming from amateur buskers. Yet despite this apparent social connectivity, I feel profoundly isolated, a sense of unshakable loneliness that makes me feel hollow.

I turn to a passerby, a sullen man in a tattered suit clutching a broken umbrella, his watery eyes looking right past me. 

"Excuse me sir," I say, my voice cracking. "Do you, uh... Do you know the time?"

He looks at me as if I've asked him to explain general relativity, then shakes his head and keeps walking past me. I try to catch up, reach out to grab his arm, but my hand seems to just pass through him, like trying to snag a ghost. 

My heart racing, I stumble towards an elderly woman sitting on a park bench nearby, a threadbare blanket draped over her emaciated frame. She's feeding pigeons with gnarled, spotted hands, but they peck at a small place on the ground near where her hand is, in sync with none of her movements. 

"Please ma'am," I beg, dropping to my knees before her. "Talk to me. Tell me anything! Just... just say something!"

The woman's milky eyes fix on me, and she opens her mouth wide. I lean in, desperate to hear words, any words, but only silence emerges. Her jaw snaps open and closed a few more times, soundless, like a landed fish at the end of a dock. 

I turn away from her in despair, tears stinging my eyes, but no one notices them fall. Frustrated, and angry, I scream into the grayly lit void. Panic rises in my chest and I find myself running, running through the crowds, but I might as well be racing through walls of stone for all the reaction I get. I'm howling into a howling wind.

Abruptly the scene shifts. Suddenly I find myself opening a heavy stone door, this time surrounded by darkness, total and absolute. The only thing I can feel is cold, damp, and the hard flagstones under my feet. Ahead of me, I hear stairs creaking at each of my steps. I enter, hands reaching to the sides to guide me down.

After traveling a long time, I reach a landing with other paths: one of them I see a faint white light in the distance, the other is pitch black. Unsure which course to take, I opt for the light at the end of the tunnel, feeling a far-off distant pull toward the light.

The light grows in intensity as I near it, until it bursts into view: a bank of windows, and behind them, faces. Hundreds of faces, all pressed against the glass, baring their teeth in ravenous smiles. The look in their eyes is merciless, eager, hungry. I take a step back, and then another, but I've absolutely no place to go. I crash to my knees, all the fight drained out of me. 

Then, slowly, one of the faces in the windows does something different. Rather than baring its teeth, it cleaves a smile, a smile that's bright and full of welcome. I think I recognize it, but I can't quite place the face. But it looks like my wife. 

And then I'm dead, running towards the dead faces.