I am dreaming. In my space-time, dream consciousness is as intense and vivid as waking life, though everything projects onto the cinema screen of my mind. Around me, the world I share with other people appears.

In this dream I suddenly expand into an alternate reality now known only to me. Shifting things change shape and color, depth and weight as I look at them. Every sense heightens. My eyes open wider than they've ever opened before to capture more of my surroundings after pupils expand to tiny pinpricks letting in the maximum amount of light into the receptors of my retina. As my eyes adjust to amplifying their focus I see warning signs I know others haven't registered yet.

Jagged orange and red warnings on white flash before me like bursts of light and sound in my brain. The text reads: "The tower is collapsing. Run to safety. A big earthquake will soon jolt through the city." Heart racing like a hammer and pulse pounding in my ears, adrenaline surges regrettably real into my veins and muscles. I want to dodge jogging and speed-walking people on the sidewalk and stop them with an urgent S.O.S. As my arms flail, sirens wail and cars screech outside the window of a city cafe. The walls are caving in. Is that gas hissing?

Swim. Float. Dissolve. New sensory stimuli and impulses wash over and through me like waves on the shore. Planes ranch by in the sky and my clothes billow like silk in tumultuous winds. Rain begins to shoot like bullets out of a hose. The streets are transparent. Body spasming, I muster all my strength to shout screechingly in a voice the authorities heard before. "JUMP OFF THE BRIDGE!" Then I float into the air and out of my own body. Never getting caught again. The tower crumbles in cubes and shatters. Bursts of color, taste and smell collide. 

Not a drop of fear or anxiety to be found. This dream is the most real life. It is the truest reality. A hyper-real dream world. No one is keeping me trapped. My heartbeat slows as I feel light. The street scene whirls like a tornrdoe. This is a transcendental dream. My exhadation from the simulation having visited me. Soaring, untouchable, like Superman, I am every color and texture, sound, and movement, all at once. 

In an instance I place myself somewhere else. A place to watch the unimaginable city collpse in terror. From there I can look down on the disaster zone as the city becomes the rubble it once was. Now the dream ends with me torn once more into a different reality unknown to me before. I'm standing alone in the dark at the point of creation. The Big Bang pulses. Stars are born. This is my dream in the afterlife. In the life after death glasses I walk through and under and explode into galaxies and black holes. The dream dies with me, yet I am immortal.