I am dreaming. I close my eyes and find myself standing atop a towering cliff, the bone-chilling wind whipping through my hair and tearing at my clothes. Far below, churning waves crash violently against jagged rocks, sending plumes of icy spray into the air. The sun hangs low on the horizon, casting an eerie orange glow across the bleak landscape as dusk approaches.

A hushed murmur arises from the crowd gathered behind me. Hundreds of eyes, anxious and awestruck, stare in anticipation at the patch of barren stone beside me. I know they rarely witness those who reach the final stages of this competition, the Gathering of the Undaunted.

A large, gnarled man in a black robe steps forward from the throng. With an amused smirk, he spreads his arms wide in a grand flourish. "Greetings, young one," his deep voice rumbles. "You stand before us today as a babe crawling alongside titans. Yet, here you are, in the final phase against those who have dedicated their lives to mastering the Art."

My heart seizes in dread and realization - he's right. I have only trained for months, not the countless years these competitions have experienced.

A foghorn blast pierces the air, signaling the start. The titans draw an arcane pattern in the air. Chants flow from their lips as they whip their robes forward in a practiced motion, unleashing the true extent of their power. A vortex of dark, crackling energy swirls above them, the wind blowing their hair and robes back in a flicker of arcane prowess.

Despite fearing failure, an inner strength blooms within me. I walk forward, feet bare and unflinching against the bitter cold stone. The crowd holds its breath. I extend a palm outward as I step forward, but my words come out small and weak, "Zaset, my mind, my will," I mutter, attempting to construct the sigil in the air.

The vortex above the titans swells to a menacing size, blasting the cliff face with black spikes of harmonic discord. The raging sky screams with malevolent energy that makes the edges of my vision blink.

Yet, despite the black storm clouds building, I feel warmth in my hand. The dust around me begins to glow with an inner light. Smiling from invaded euphoria, I let out a wild laugh and run my hand through the glowing dust, forming the sigil in the air just as I practiced, but without the crushing weight of performance.

The titans eye me warily as my sigil becomes complete. The dust completely enshrouds me, and I feel my insides lift, weightless yet powerful. "Zaset!" I shout defiantly towards the titans. The hatchlings of energy burst forth from my sigil, but unlike the titans' malevolent black spikes, my sigil unveils a true vortex of pure white light.

The opposing energy clashes with mine, the white light clashing with the dark storm, stars exploding on contact. The light engulfs me, the grating of contrast so loud it's as if a full orchestra is playing a gamut of every dissonant chord in their arsenal.

I feel the press of the raw forces, but I no longer fear it. I've tapped into something primordial and true. "Lux Anima." I shout, the Latin words coming to me like a language I've always known.

The light begins to force back the darkness behind the titan's sigil, the glowing dust dancing between the spaces. As the vortex splits, the titans stumble back as their sigils collapse.

But there is no stopping me now. I let out a wild laugh as I surge forward, the dust particles pressing hard against the titan's patronus, pulling it apart from the inside out. The light swells outward, freeing itself from the sigil like a gas expanding without constraint. I let out a wild scream, a primal infusion of rage and joy that makes the titans recoil.

Chaos erupts as the light envelops them. Darkness, fear, and pride are washed away, exposing their true selves. Except, it doesn't hurt. Instead, the sensation is pure and cleansing like a flood at the bottom of a raging waterfall. As the light lifts, I see the titans standing chamber, where  I reach the rickety fence at the cliff's edge.

The titans rush forward, not as enemies. But as friends. Warm cheeks, teary eyes out back. With a virtually supernatural smile, I step fearlessly towards the fence that dangles out impossibly far into the abyss below.

I know I'm dreaming, but in this moment, I'm doing the undaunted, with total mastery of myself, pushed to the limits, and still barely tessellating.

Screaming, and laughing, and paradoxically, trembling, I jump off the cliff. The falling sensation goes on for a long time. The warm light surrounds me, the gale's howl sounds like a playful shriek as I ride on the waves of exuberance.

But it feels lovely. The freedom. Surrendering with total acceptance.

As I fall, a portal opens in the air before me and I'm prepared to be consumed by the swirling vortex. But at the last moment, the vortex splits apart comprised of two opposing forces locked in the most explosive tug of war.

I see the portal divide: one side represents light, love. The inner light that guided my dance with the dark. The second side represents the reflection of the dark that made me complete. The strange fixation to fight.

I look back and see the titans waving to me, and I laugh, realising that I've made friends this night, in the most strange and fantastical way.

I raise my arms in a joyous surrender and let myself relax into the portal.

And then I wake up.

Smiling, laughing, and trembling, I arise from sleep wrapped in euphoria, exhausted and elated all at once. I write down the entire dream in vivid detail, knowing that dreams hold true secrets from the universe that point the way to the deepest parts of the soul. 

Perhaps it's time I started practicing my sigils.