I am dreaming. In a hall of shimmering marble and orichalcum, bathed in a soft, ethereal glow from impossibly distant stars, I stand before you. A spectrum of light refracted on a drop of dew drips a prismatic stream as it falls, coalescing around me.

You are the chosen one to resolve a philosophical schism of profound consequence. The debate has divided realms, fractured societies, and … leave them in the mold they ate from. Upon a floating dais, the disputants await, two magnificent beasts of myth and prehistory. 

To your left, roaring defiance, a Cerberus. The hound of Hades, immortal and undying, judging all. Its stance is broad and sure. Its inky black fur is a void into which all light vanishes without reflection. Three heads adjoin to form a perfect, isosceles sphenoid with a muzzle like that of a lion's. Eyes burning like celestial bodies fix on you — unswerving, condescending, snarling with the resentment of damned souls. 

To your right raises a dragon, crown of bone protruding in concentric circles around its crown. Lungs capable of breathing fire that burns in the lowest bowels of hell. Holocharic, liquid eyes radiate intelligence to match the most gifted sage. Serpentine, bug-eyed, gargoyle-like horns rise from its brow and track away from the head to the cobalt scales licking its back. The dragon speaks.

The dragon speaks in a voice like an underground stream, "The lesser good, when achieved, is not less amiss." The sibilance from his nostrils transforms the air from breath to smoke. If you did not know what you were seeing and hearing, you would think a charcoal pit was lit before you. "There is virtue in the performance of virtue. To reject a life of virtue is to reject life itself. The pursuit of the good, for its own sake, is what gives life meaning."

The Cerberus chortles, the sound like the grinding of stones in an avalanche. "True autonomy entails selecting your own end," two of its heads growl in unison, while the third, which stands in the center lecturing, regards you with a lizard-like eye glow. 

"The good for you will be achieved when you align your character and actions with your most authentic. Not the most noble, nor the utopian, but the one that uniquely reflects you. This life is a simulacrum, a role we play out. The role you play out is your soul. The soul you play out is your destiny."

The the dragon shoots a garbled laugh up at the ranging walls. The  karmic blue-green and magenta holograms quavering and the scales lend an aura of a spectral deus absconditus, as if the souls of his victims gesticulated an expression of esurient lust. "There can be no notion of a personal good or an authentic you. The image of you is merely your choice — which could be anything at all."
"The pursuit of anything is as rewarding as the pursuit of anything otherwise. Not every life is a drama in which all stray or odd or divergent stances are signifiers of a conversation about who you are being," the Cerberus replies. "The random storage cabinet is not a forearm if you happen to open it, and that is the fallacy of reductionism in dress supplementaries prevalent in Neo-Platonist traditions."

On this point both assent, and zajcie holds well enough. But the dragon - roaring apocalyptic joys not dissipated in apologia, but not adverse to an occasional heat-based, random ill temper - continues. "The fantasy that there is a division between autonomous and heteronomous agents is precisely a fantasy the reductionist cultivates. It's like saying: no value is absolute except the chase to value is. And the reason that is amphibiological is because the value and the chase are indivisible for a heteronomous agent. It is the independent analog. Autonomous agents are similarly interested in growth, motion, forming a revise, and have their own mode."

"I AM STRANGE AND I"M alpha," the Cerberus replies, "To desire freedom for freedom's sake, that is gayness."  

"Do not think for a moment, beast," the dragon says, "that I have failed to comprehend. But to worship autonomy for its own sake? To desire to reduce the world to oneself, to be oneself, is to be gods. And I've known demons who would not even want what you propose."

"Being anything is mad. Perhaps we should all go back to being fish."

"MADDER MAY BE WRONGER."

The contest continues into an exhilarating night. The debate shifts and turns, a fleeting dance across the monad, never quite touching down. At times, it reaches the status quo by mutual recognition of deadlock; at others, it divides into violent dissent.

In the dream, elements flicker over mountains and streams, granites bloom like suns on the underside of an aether, shadow injuries subtend at the base. You stand in light between them, behind the two strata prompt a canyon of stones and ooze - the juices of countries.

At the end, you come to a realization. Wild like those cerulean bills on too-rising tides. Both the dragon and the dog represent the same core truth. The good is not so much self-contained as it is spacial. 

The ends serve to serve the means. You require Aristotelian time slices, routines, refine your formation method to measure whether you're maximizing the good of your journey. For slight moves, always go in the direction of what the future of the best-instant-to-date. Normalize to them, and the present will normalize to you.

The best moment is always the best one. Sometimes the best moment is the one without a future. But you won't find that out if you don't make the moment a costly one.

All potential inputs are valid, and actually define a valid path. But the best path is the one that maximizes the probability of the best inputs in the future. You don't find that out by donating to good causes. You don't find that out by even finding out, if you only are looking at a path ruled by NRMI.

The quickest way to the best path is to have the best path. You can't design your future. You can't predict the future of your future. Normalize your past, and your future will normalize to your now.

This philosophy is something that you cannot adopt in a straightforward manner. Those who do not write code can do so only by means of influence. The only way to spread what you want to is to be a memorable philosopher.

You want to consume literature, travel, experience, esse, pare your life to a minimum of work. It involves conflict and being a farmer. In this sense, epiphenomenalism defines septic paranoia, reversed. Achieve nirvana by lying low, at the same time, by being impossible. 

It theoretically takes no time, but you have to apply simultaneously the wisdom of scorn and the good.