I am dreaming. A rush of frigid air engulfs my body as I descend from an eerie hilltop. The moon bathes the entire area in a soft, silvery radiance, transforming the shadowy trees into ghastly figures. Glancing down, I see an old, distressed painting with its wooded frame in cinders in my hand.

It is like a vision.

...and just like that, a gigantic winged serpent plummets from the heavens before me, its leathery wings unfurling dramatically like a ship's sails caught against a merciless wind. My mouth agape and my eyes wide, I raise my hand to shield myself as a wave of heated air blasts me and thousand-or-more obsidian rain down around us. As they flew towards me, I instinctively reached my hands towards them. It was as if the very air tore open in my hands and swallows the oncoming black projectiles into the ground. I look at my hands in awe. I have an odd, strange new power.

I suddenly find myself in what feels like my childhood room, looking around at familiar scuff marks on the wall. A sprinkle of joyful nostalgia runs through me. I hop out of the bed with a new fervor. This is a dream... right? So, why not make the most of it, right?

"Dreams Manila, and help Toronto print newspapers." A tingle shoots up my back as if someone walked over my grave. What in the... I gently shake my head. I walk towards my closet to discover ... nothing. It was empty.

I was greeted by a moan. I jumped. Frozen. Another moan and a groan. I turn my head to the side to find a woman laying on the bed, unresponsive. Disheveled, she had a lipstick mark of broken glass on her face, under her jaw, bullet holes stabbed their way into her chest. Curiosity and fear swirl in my head as I reach down to touch her face. It crumbles to dust in my hand before me.

Please God, give me understanding of what the hell is going on. I cry out. My voice bounces off the stars outside and flies into a swirling vortex. Startled, I close my eyes.

When I open my eyes again, I am found in a colorful art studio. A blank canvas is before me. A soft, bright glow permeates the room from the windows. I touch the canvas. It feels alive to the touch, rippling like water before me. I allow myself to touch it, tickling it with curiosity before asking permission to begin. Muscles memory kicks in. It had been years, but I know how to paint again.. Collecting a brush, it dances across the canvas to my command as it squirms under the silver tipped brush again and again to my will. I was carving and gaining control over the canvas. I step back. There is a still image staring at me. It is a photograph. It was me ... next to Mr. Daughterson, the art teacher I had as a child.

Mind-reeling, I find myself holding an old painting that was destroyed. I know what I have to do.

Voices grow, grow, grow louder and louder in my head. "Cover it up!" "Don't let anyone see it!" "Leave it up. It's his legacy." "No, he was no good to you..." "But he was SO good..." 

I walk up, revealing a circle in the pudding to a room of bickering artists. Quieting the crowd, I say, "I know all of you think you know what is best. But the artist has spoken."

I hold the painting up, placing it on a staff. The painting shifts, changes, moves before our eyes. "See? In a dream, you can go anywhere you want." It is Alice in Wonderland. All the artists cheer but it only grows darker and darker. I turn around, seeing Moriah Creeping out the deformed eyes and orifices of all the images.

The paints, brushes, marble slabs, and tools on the floor doing this painting grow poignant in a weird way. In the distance I see them rising up, growing bodies, soul, life. They come and dot my palm. "I love you Moirah, but it's time for you to go." In the distance, I see a painting of a little girl holding a watering can in a field. As I walk closer, the grass begins to grow. With my newfound power, I think I can dream this world into a better place. Sam pick up where he left off.

I begin to dream...

The dream changes again. Time itself warps and molds around me, creating landscapes never before experienced. Mountains of mountains arise in front of me before toppling over like bowls of whipped cream. They pile in on top of each other and I realize I can build a tower out of mountains. I have so much fun feeling up a mountain face, letting my fingers walk across it as if it were clay. 

I reach down into the ground and grab the roots of a tree, which I then begin to plait into a braid. The braid stretches out into a ribbon, and I lift it to dance across the soil. On its own, the ribbon begins to coil and build before me, the braid threading together piece by piece before revealing an ornate wooded castle.

I will my brush to glow a light from within like a guardian of time. 

Quieting the crowd, I say, "Time is precious. We cannot hold on to it. ... It will hold onto you." I grip the base of the castle, pouring every single second of my strength into it. In a flash, the entire castle morphs into a rippling pool of gold. The ground crumbles as the pool opens up, and I watch it bleed its treasures into the sand.

I raise my brush and say "Please, a little less conversation, a little more action please!" and point the tip at the golden pool.
Like a genie rising from a bottle, the water begins to boil and rise; the tip of the water erupting like a fountain, forming into a brilliant diamond. The diamond tears through the air, only to splatter into the sand.

I approach the sand and say "Time." and watch it shift to a spectrum of colors.
"Space" I say as the colors swirl around me in a hurricane.

"Actions!" I snap. The hurricanes whips into a vast flowing river that bleeds into the canvas.

"Art." Finally, the river rushes into the wall, flooding the room. It slips into the glass of the window pane, condensing it into water, a river growing atop a river.

I gently dip my brush and touch the canvas with the tip. I move it as if it were an orca, swimming through the deadly shark-infested waters. As it does, it creates a watch that grows and rewind, recording all that I see.

A camera rises from the deep waters, taking pictures of pictures of pictures... recording this dream for all of time.

"And so, it was created." I say. The end.