I am dreaming. I slowly emerge from my peaceful slumber, only to find a world around me that has undergone a mysterious and profound change. As I open my eyes, the first thing that I notice is the eerie silence. No gentle hum of the air conditioning, no exteraneous beeps and chimes of my various electronic devices. The room is almost supernatural in its quietude. 

With growing curiosity and unease, I throw off the covers and make my way to the kitchen. The clock on the wall - a simple, old-fashioned analog - shows that my slumber has been extended far beyond my usual rising time. But that's just the beginning.

Flipping the light-switch always produces a momentary jolt of electricity and the soft glow of the lightbulbs. But not today. The room remains dark. My smartphone, usually a lifeline of modern information, is as dead as a stone. My television, computer - all of the essential components of the last century's technological advancements lie lifeless and without purpose.

It isn't until I venture out onto the streets that I begin to understand the truly global nature of this crisis. Others scurry around, equally bewildered and frightened. Cars don't move. People scream and cry, unsure quite yet of what is happening.

The newspapers are already starting to make the rounds. Headlines scream about the 'Going Dark' - a mysterious and so far inexplicable failure of all of the planet's moder technology, right down to the final wireless connection.

When I was a young girl, I always dreamed of life in the past, when things were simple and the air was cleaner. By that has happened, it is not the quaint and peaceful world of my childhood imagination. The savvy and powerful are already beginning to turn to desperate measures to assert their control. Riots and fighting are breaking out in the cities as people clamor over the remaining resources.

Never has humanity had such a stark reminder of its basic fragility. Never has the cold, harsh light of nature's indifference been so exposed. But people are not that easily deterred.

Slowly, steadily, a new society will be born out of the ashes of the old. In real ways and small, but surely. Just as plants grow up through cracks in the concrete - so will trust, and cooperation, and even hope assert themselves again.

We are at the end of things, yet at the very beginning.