I am dreaming. I find myself in a vast, sterile hospital corridor that seems to stretch on for eternity, the fluorescent lights above flickering ominously. The air is heavy with an undercurrent of anxiety and desperation. I am standing at the end of a long, white table, littered with thousands of patient files, each one representing a life on the line.

As I look around, I see countless faces peering at me from alcoves and doorways - the worried eyes of the sick and dying, their faces gaunt and their skin ashen. Their whispers fill the air, a mournful chorus of suffering. "Please," they seem to beg. "Please don't let us be forgotten."

The weight of their collective pleas presses down upon my shoulders like an anvil. With trembling hands, I take the first file and open it. Inside, I find a photograph of a young girl, no older than five, her smile bright but her eyes clouded with fear. She has a severe case of leukemia, the report says, one that requires immediate, intensive treatment. But as I look at the next file, I see a mother with two small children clinging to her gown, her breasts swollen with milk and oozing pus, a severe case of infectious mastitis. The third file is a middle-aged man, his face like that of an aged, shriveled tomato, his internal organs shutting down one by one. The list goes on and on, each case more heart-wrenching than the last.

I realize that I am the only one here, the only one who can decide who gets treatment and who is left to languish. But how can I possibly choose? They all need help, they all need me. Tears stream down my face as I clutch the files to my chest, the weight of my decision pressing down upon my heart. I am drowning in the sea of their suffering, drowning in the crushing weight of their hopes and fears.

I am searching for answers, for a way out of this nightmare, but there is none. I am trapped here, in this limbo between life and death, forever forced to play the role of cruel judge. The faces of the dying blur and merge, their pleas growing louder and more insistent. "Choose me! Choose me!" they scream, until the sound is a deafening roar, drowning out all other thoughts.

I collapse to my knees, the files scattering around me like autumn leaves. I am suffocating under the weight of my own humanity, of my own inability to make a decision that will inevitably mean death for some. I am screaming, but no sound comes out. My throat is tight, my chest constricts. And then, suddenly, everything fades to black.