I am dreaming. I've habitually postponed an important task despite knowing the consequences of delay. As the final deadline approaches, I find myself in the following vivid dream.

Time seems to slow down around me as the thickness of the air chokes my breath. Every clock I see, whether it be analog or digital, slows down incrementally. Time appears to have a different pace for me than for others in this world.

I'm on a bus traveling through a vast, flat plain. In the distance I can see my destination but it never seems to get closer. I'm trapped on this bus, unable to get off, as it slowly crawls forward with no end in sight. A roadblock lies ahead, and I'm frozen in place.

Memories of past desires flash before my eyes: the college degree I've been meaning to complete, a diet I've been meaning to stick to, a home I've been meaning to improve. They all rise to the surface of my mind as I sit in this state of limbo, unable to move forward or backward.

Suddenly, I am back in my study, facing the daunting task that has threatened to engulf me. Filing cabinets seem to stretch up to the ceiling as towering sentinels, and a series of birth certificates, kneeling on a floor, wail out in unison. The venues I had planned to use for the task I pushed aside now mock me for my lack of timely action.

Such vivid impressions in one's mind typically signal a mounting sense of urgency, but here I remain flaccid, unable to rise up. I can feel the dread of my impending doom threatening my very soul, and the once-vibrant colors and contrasts from one moment to the next now muddle in an endless gray.

Turning a nearby corner, I enter a hall of mirrors. Another reflective surface, I'm forced to intimate a darker, reckless part of myself I wish I could deflect from. Using all my might to break through, I am halted by an endless room of my reflected self. I am reminded that the window of opportunity shuts quickly should I not act sooner in this very real life.

I begin to put the pieces together and place them in their appropriate position. These acrobatic elephants, with their chain reactions, are now unwinding. The mucky marsh in the distance is clearing up. I can finally brave myself out of this deep rut I am in.

I force my hand across the finish line to complete my task. I feel smug and can't handle this feeling anymore. I know time is still ticking away, but to my delight I have stayed ahead.