I am dreaming. In this vivid dream, I find myself standing in a bustling marketplace, yet everything seems to be in soft focus except for the figure of someone close to me - let's call her Amara. She is moving gracefully through the crowd, rainbows of fabric swirling around her as she flicks through beads, mirrors and crystal pendants, yet her smile is a touch too wide, like lipstick painted by an unsteady hand. She greets a vendor with Stucco-fractured laughter, gesticulating too broadly as he draws back with a puzzled expression.

Amara's energy seems to fizzle as she turns away from the vendor, circling and pawing at the fine-silk fabrics in muted rainbow hues. She selects an ember scarf and runs it between her fingers, her shoulders hunching around her neck, creeping concern inching across her face like sea anemones rearing up in defensiveness.

I feel a tendril of discomfort curl up in the pit of my stomach as I observe her, waving a gentle hello from a distance away. She returns the wave, her smile straining at the edges, before quickly turning back to her fascinated frenetics with the scarf. A flicker of distress passes through her eyes, there and gone in a blink, masks snapped back into place. 

Spotting her body language - shoulders drawn up, curving inwards; a manic energy in her movements - I begin weaving through the crowd, taking care to approach her casually, mindful of her boundaries. As I near, I catch the whiff of her perfume - too much, cloying, like the sweet rot of a chrysanthemum past its prime.

"Hey hey," I say softly as I come to stand beside her. "Anything funky floating around in your head lately that you wanna pipe me in on?"

Amara flashes me a startled look, blonde locks falling across her face as she ducks her head. Humming a bit precipitously, she begins smoothing the scarf on a nearby rack, exactitude in each tiny motion. Then, slowly, there is a visible slackening in the tension in her posture.

"Oh, you know," she says, still not meeting my eyes. "Just work stress, jumbled goals, that whole cabin-fever vibe." She shrugs as if it's nothing, but her voice betrayed her, coming out thin and brittle.

I stand there for a long moment, observing her fixedly concerned profile, then reach to gently brush a rogue curl from her cheek - a kind of "I believe you; I'm here" sort of gesture. She blinks, rushes to compose a smile, but there's a flicker of gratitude in her eyes before she quickly glances away.

We stand in silent companionship for a long moment, the marketplace swirling around us in a kaleidoscope of flesh and fiber, before I nod towards the cobblestone streets beyond.

"Come on," I say, with an unspoken question in my eyes. "I know a place where they make waffles based on 14th century Flemish recipes. Sound good?"

Amara returns my nod, a less strained smile blossoming across her face. "That sounds perfect."

As we walk away from the market together, generally meandering, I keep my presence friendly yet open, letting it be clear that I'm happy to be in her view, but not pushing or prodding. 

We spend the rest of the dream exploring the old town and talking of inconsequential things, yet the weight of our conversation was thick with understanding: I had read between the lines of her "fine," recognized the cracks in her faffy shell. And without words, I let her know that I was there for her, that she didn't need to go it alone with whatever was brewing beneath the surface. 

It was a silent alliance, a dream-friendship renewed, and I awoke feeling grateful for the gift of being able to read such subtle signals in the watercolor world of slumber.