I am dreaming. I am dreaming, vivid dreams beyond anything I've known. An ethereal wind carries me across a barren landscape, its topographical features shifting like sand. 

In the distance, a figure moves across the dunes, its form indistinct. I'm drawn to follow, pulling me like a moth to flame. The individual leads me to a precipice overlooking a void of chaos and color that stretches into infinity.

Peer pressure seize my chest. The altitude makes it difficult to breathe as a rush of adrenaline floods my veins. Anticipation mingles with fear in a potent cocktail that sends shivers down my spine. The ground seems to tremble with the weight of the decision.

'Onesmall push? 

The words echo in ribbons of shimmering sound. I imagine the rush, the terrifying shiver as I fall into the unknown. Like a bungee cord stretching to its limit before going taut. There's a part of me that yearns for that sensation with every beat of my heart.

Every rational thought screams this is madness. I've gone too far. I should turn back before I do something stupid. Before I do something…

I take a deep breath, heart thundering in my ears. Last year was agony — not for the first time, I felt so utterly alone. A black void stretching inside, a growing pulse of simmering resentment. I can't live like this. At the very least, I will feel something.

And then, I lunge forward. Wind rushes past ears as I plummet, scream ripping from my throat. The void below atmospheric press irrises my jaw. My pulse races deliriously as I plunge, and panic ignites in my chest. Something's wrong.

Arms wind-milling, it dawns on me — I'm not going to make it. My stomach lurches as I realize I've never felt more alive. Freefalling through the air is both terrifying and thrilling, every nerve ending alight.

Soaring through the void, for the first time…I know I'm touching the infinite. Vertigo washes over me in gleeful waves. My heart hammers out a self-destructive rhythm as I seek more and more height to jump from.

Giddy delight splices with sheer, gut-wrenching fear as I plummet again and again, swept up in the thrill of the unknown. 

The ground rushes up to meet me, and I'm alive, raw, burning in the space between the sky and earth. When I awake, I am overflowing with a strange clarity.

TIRED.