I am dreaming. I find myself in a vivid, ethereal dreamscape, flitting from one surreal scene to the next. As I float through a swirling mist of iridescent colors, I suddenly land with a soft thud on a lush carpet of blades of emerald grass. Each tiny curved blade tickles the soles of my feet, making me smile wide. 

But in the distance, the dream shifts, and I see a huge, translucent water globe sitting each on solitary pedestals. I approach one, and through it, I see a cartoonish landscape of frolicking animals, swaying trees, and puffy clouds against a turquoise sky. Fantastical music swirls from it.

My heart swells with an unfamiliar deep appreciation for the beauty of it all. I see a furry creature bounding up to the globe, hopping onto a pedal and beginning to turn it, watching as the scene inside shifts to play a separate musical chapter. Joy radiates out, building inside of me.

I float up, taking in the dizzying array of globes. From one I hear tinkling chimes; another glows with bioluminescent plants; an impossible juggler high above effortlessly keeps hundreds of floating spheres aloft amidst free-flying visions of incandescent butterflies, the brutal movements of a vulture in a distant sky, and dancing fire. Between them, a true orchestra plays the most soaring, galloping, haunting images, visions, and harmonies that swim out from each globe.

As I open my arms, ready to embrace more, I get distracted by buttery slime that's sublimes. I put it in a bowl, which I pull into a jellyfishing boat where I dream of jellyfish. Now I'm in a ship, swept up in a maelstrom of poetry and perception. Haunting poetry spotlights an existence marked with vulnerability.

The dream swirls, aloft me to a cliff's edge, where across a gulf, I see an astonishing paradise stuffed with innumerable ordinary objects that are each altogether beautiful in their existence. There's a curl of hair ribbon, three knitting needles, a vial of liquid, an above-ground tubule, a duet of clarinets, a rest tree, an offering plate, and a dark-tinted globe on powerful hairy vines. 

Tears of deep fulfillment drip from my eyes and dissolve, the scene swirling with unexpected pride and admiration. Every part of me is earnestly moved, fully present in a dream that inhabits the beauty of astonishing things. Imagination knows no bounds, nor the capacity to feel all around.