I am dreaming. In this vivid dream, I find myself in a topsy-turvy realm where the very foundations of reality have been flipped upside-down. The sky is a deep, swirling pool filled with fish that fly through what was once the air. Flickering bioluminescence grows in the water, providing an eerie glow.

Each breath I take feels like I'm inhaling water, yet it's life-giving oxygen. My heart pounds so forcefully, I feel every beat against my back, pushing me forward. The trees that line the shoreline have roots that stretch up into the sky like shriveled vines, their branches plunging deep into the soil for sustenance.

As I walk, time advances a few minutes whenever my shadow falls in a certain direction. My hair grows downwards from my scalp, draping across my face as I stroll on the surface, hovering above the sand. Not a speck of dust disrupts the air, yet the ground is blanketed in dust, swirled into dunes of beige.

In this strange new world, survival means embracing the impossible. Food sprouts from between the cracks of large boulders, pulsing with nutrition. Drinkable water flows from stone fountains that shoot gallons high above me. As I slurp water directly from the fountain's stream, it feels like I'm licking the last drop of dew from the top of my foot.

Noise in this land is experienced tactilely--close your eyes and you can feel the vibrations of music against your skin, see the colors dancing in the air. Speech is conveyed via written words that materialize in front of me, passed me by on a spring breeze, flapping invisibly in the wind. Graphics and colors when heard look like painted mirages, melting at the edges.

Dawnlies and nightlies bloom simultaneously, casting split shadows--one cold and gray, the other warm and creamy. A flock of whispering birds perch on a bell tower high above me; instead of singing, they are silent, throwing their songs into a waiting bowl below that echoes them for all to hear.

When I close my eyes and sleep, I am wide awake, and when I am awake, my eyes close themselves instinctively, leaving me to dream in reality. Gravity reverses for me spontaneously, and my only prayer is that this inversion ends where I sleep and begin my day anew, like Mirages on the sand.

The whole trip is an odyssey in reverse, a somersault in time and space, an inverted bucket of water poured out on the sands of time. It's a play of shadows and inverse realities, where the most illogical things can happen in this upside-down universe.