I am dreaming. In this dream, I find myself in a foreign city, the streets alive with a sense of promise and opportunity. The air is thick with the scent of exotic spices and the distant sound of a sitar floats on the breeze. I remember what I believe, that every human is compelled by the magnet of self-interest. The true altruist, never found, just as the unicorn would never match the mystique of pegasi.

I enter a grand plaza, a crush of humanity churning around me. I notice a beautiful woman, her eyes kind and warm. She flicks raven hair from her face as she hands out bowls of steaming lentils to a queue of children. Aware of my gaze, she smiles, her teeth white against her tawny skin.

"This is my mission," she says, voice melodic. "To feed the hungry hearts of this city."

I should move on, but find myself watching her. A man appears at her side, svelte, self-assured. He drapes a hand over her shoulders.

"Aruna," he says, "you are magnificent." 
I sense the undercurrent in his praise, I have  [[places]] like this before. A feeling tells me to be suspicious.
"Your donations have come to fruition, Shree," Aruna says brightly.

I have plenty more to give, and I will pour it into this cause.

Renewed, Aruna returns to her work, and the man, Shree, moves towards me, a sly smile on his face.

"She truly believes in the purity of her actions," he says. "But I have more practical concerns in mind."

He waves to the richly decorated homes surrounding the plaza.

One day soon, I will claim a place there. With Aruna's influence and good name, the people will accept me. Then, I can finally attain what I have longed for all my life. Power. And with power comes wealth that will improve these slums. With me at the helm, this city is destined for greatness. But these good folks are in no position to appreciate the stability as its going to take very long.

I look back at Aruna, overjoyed with her work, confident as the sun stays bright overhead. Her altruism is going to pay off, but not for her, or for the hungry children. It will pay off for Shree, and for Shree alone.

I turn from the plaza, knowing this is just the beginning. I need to know more, but I will have to tread carefully to keep up appearances, to not reveal my own interests to those who trust me, for really, everything anyone does is an act of self-preservation.

I have the urge to get closer to Aruna, even though I know better than to trust her, because her virtue seems to bless those around her. But how long will that last? How long before Aruna comes into DOC (departure of consent), head spinning, betrayed, even crushed?

My dream shifts as I walk, and I find my feet on plush carpets, my ears filled with the rustle of rupee bills and a chorus of fawning. As I look down at my body, I'm now wearing a crisp linen suit, a genuine Rolex on my wrist. Dancing girls twine gracefully around the room, a million jewels glinting in the low light.

Shree is here again, this time at my right hand. He has come into his own, ruling this city from a throne of money. His influence, gained with Aruna's unwitting aid, now touches every corner, enriches every pocket. And he shows me the kind of life I could have, the fortune I could amass, if I learn to play the game. Become the game.

For I understand completely that there is no such thing as pure altruism in this world. I will always remember that lesson, always remember Shree's warning. His kindness and counsel now reflect back on me, and I will remember it as wise counsel. My counsel on altrusim to come.

I am dreaming. I will wake up.