I am dreaming. ventured is an extremely desolate, baron landscape. It was unlike anything I had seen before. As far as my eyes could see, the ground had a rusty crimson tint to it. Off in the distance, there were mountains that reached into the sky, piercing through the thick clouds of smog. I began my journey, armed with stocked supplies and different tools to assist me on my unbearable journey.

I hiked for miles on the crumbling earth, facing uneven terrain from steep hills to jagged crevices. The air grew thick and smelt of oil. I heard strange noises all around, from high-pitched chirps to low, rumbling groans. It was difficult to tell if they were from wildlife or something far more dangerous. I continued eagerly, my curiosity about this new experience and the unknown pushing me forward.

As the sun began to set, piercing through the high levels of pollution in the sky, I stumbled upon a large, treacherous canyon. The sides draped deep, from the surface that I was on to the bottom being at least a 500-meter tumble, if not farther. I stood at the edge, nearly paralyzed. Deep below, at the bottom, I could see water. Yet it was not quite clear to me whether that was water or something else. The color of the liquid was unclear, it could have been brown or black. The depth and height of the canyon, in addition to the haze that filled the sky, made further examination very difficult.

I followed the edge of the canyon to see if I could find any sign of passage below. Treading lightly in my heavy boots, I made my way around for nearly a mile when I spotted a set of rickety ropes draped from two trees. The ropes arched from about the middle of the canyon and descended slowly to the surface of whatever mysterious liquid flowed below. The ropes did not look very steady. In fact, it seemed as if they were almost pulpy, covered with dark green moss. I debated whether to cross over the acidic river or to wait out the night and continue around the canyon to see if there were any other means of transportation that could lead me further in my exploration.

Finally, I decided crossing the large canyon over the ominous, watery channel below would be my best interest. I needed to press on in my expedition regardless of the risks at hand. I stepped a foot onto the moss-covered rope with a steep breath in, my body shook slightly at first—the rope wiggled back and forth. But nothing happened, there was no indication of wear. I pressed on, taking a step again, then another, not stopping until I made my way fairly halfway through the canyon.

As my luck would have it, right in the middle of the canyon, the Rosenstein flare from above began to flash, calling a thunderstorm in. I couldn't look up, the light was so hearty. Rocks and dust were being thrown across the careless, dusty landscape. If I released my grip from the only source holding me from my death, I would have been blinded. The blaze reached my body in less than a minute and I could feel the heat electrify the rope I was crawling upon.