I am dreaming. The colors of the morning blend affectionately into one another. I tread over grass between green bushes in my slippers.

Soon I hear the gong. It's the sound signaling evening meals. In a moment they'll all be there again. It's the sweet smell of lemongrass and coriander in the air. It's the feeling of being the new one in town. It's the feeling of trying to find your place among them.

I don't know them well yet, and I have a sense we must work together to make this place productive. I have a sense that our lives are intertwined like the roots of the trees. It's a sense that questions arise about them wanting me here.

As I pass the pond, I see Lyra collecting water. She looks up and smiles. She wipes the damp bangs from her cheek with the back of her slim hand. I have never seen her smile before, though I have noticed her. She seems tough, with a grounded goodness about her.

Our hands brush as I prepare to open the sliding glass doors. There's a moment when the day unspools into night and everything conspires to the northerly wind that carries the promise of rain. Inside I nod at Sam and take up my place at the circular cooking table without having to be told.

Sam winks at me with his eyes half shut. He is covered in soot from his morning work at the forge, and he moves slightly to the side to let me pass. His foot nudges against mine under the table as I locate my chopsticks in the drawer. He's wearing ankle high socks and sandals and his arms are thick like tree trunks.

I am nervous and work to keep the heat from rising into my face. I am aware of everyone's eyes on me. Everyone's eyes at once, I tell myself as I apply myself to mixing in the mortar bowl with chopsticks. Sam must be about twice my age. Toward the end of the meal I feel a shove against my foot. It's the moment I know the sun is almost entirely gone. A flash of lightning flickers in the windows of the room without walls.

I gaze at Sam's weathered face in the lightning's flash. He smiles at me across the table and gives me a little wave as if I am a child. I smile. 

Then there is the noise of Nick coming in. He is wearing ripped shorts and nothing else. Three years ago he appeared at our entrance road and asked if he could stay, sharing his story of loss, after which he was accepted into the fold.

Silence falls across the dinner table as Nick takes up his place across from me. There's no food left, for he always arrives after the others have eaten. He stares down at his hands, his eyes deep and urgent looking.

Sam gets up abruptly, setting down his bowl beside his plate. He sets his solid feet on mine in passing. "Eat fast," he says to me quietly. "So we can talk."

As if a switch had been thrown, everybody except for me and Sam gets up and files out, heading off into their homes for the night. The lightning is gone now, and we're left in the dark, at what feels like the center of the cosmos.

"Nick is back," Sam says to me, lighting a candle. "He's not the person I knew three years ago. He's changed. 

"I've been thinking. You should leave when your training is over," he says.

I am awake now.