I am dreaming. Suddenly, my body goes limp with surrender. I am powerless in an unfamiliar, dark space, just drifting just as my spirit does. Suddenly, a warm light starts to grow. It begins in the center of my stomach and radiates outward as it slowly takes shape. I become heavy with anticipation, feeling the warmth all the way to my toes as it starts to glow brightly in the darkness. Then, from the light, everything around is changed: The walls change from barren stone to lush, verdant green; moss carpeting them from top to bottom. My hovering limp body seeps into the forest floor at my feet. A warm breeze blows from a growing chlorophyllic canopy above, the geometric formation at it’s peak combinimg sky and forest floor. The light inside me grows again, changing shape, and then separates into two big boots. I will them forward, and the boots pursue. The landscape changes with every deliberate movement. The light grows and grows until I am standing on the peak of Valles Marineris  on Mars, looking down across melted glaciers at Olympus.

The light emerges once more around me, encasing me in a holographic shell of a warrior. Sounds reverberate as cosmic energies past me by. Roaring flames, crashing tectonic plates, and chromatic distortions collide and pulse in rhythmic succession. Rapid sequence shots of celestial wonders: novas, nebulae, solar flares, binary star systems. The light and the sounds coalesce to a singular position. A sharp point facing out at the world. Attached to my shell, I see a glowing blue orb, another light, reflecting my face, buried in a helmet. It goes Nova and then disappears. The experience is gone, but I am directly aware that I am dreaming.

I float back down to the familiar park near my home, back to a crisp afternoon vibrant with birdsong and bees. I am tall... I stand nearly as tall as the trees, looking down. I start to drift, inches above the grass, my feet becoming air as I walk through the park. As I stroll, I feel different. More... Alicized. I lie back in the grass, and I see the individual muscle fibers in the sky. My eyes invert and telescope, and I see the molecular structures of the earth’s crust. Migraines dance back and forth in my vision. A toad standing next to me is as tall as the Eiffel tower.

A trusted family member appears before me, their bodies made of cloud and vaporous in appearance. An epiphany: fearlessness bleeds and shapes the boundaries of reality. They tell me I am beneath my experience and should breathe. I stand tall, idea and consciousness conflating. A wild hunting dog bursts from a bush, a dog I remember from my childhood, the one I never got to meet. We run. We grab some sticks, and play fetch. Joy. I see him transform into his now full grown adulthood as we play in slow motion. He brings back the stick to me, I throw it once more and he blasts off, lycanthrope-like, serene and powerful, hunting dog, staring me down, wolf.

I am lucid. I am expanded.