I am dreaming. *deep breath*

As I open my eyes, a wave of confusion washes over me. Something feels different, off. Blinking aggressively, I will my brain to wake itself. It's no help though, as I'm greeted by a sight that makes my stomach twist in knots.

Looking around my room, I realize it's just as I left it the night before. However, the sky outside my window has turned a strange shade of purple that I can't quite explain. More than that, there's a strange pulsing energy in the air.

Rising from my bed and stumbling over to the window, I pull back the curtains and stare out at a world that seems to have turned upside down.

Cars are driving the wrong way down the street, flying sights and sounds of metal scraping against metal. Streetlights blink wildly, showing no signs of following their usual patterns. Pedestrians are running from one building to the next, seemingly for no purpose at all.

Confused, I race downstairs and run outside, hoping to find someone who can explain what's happening. Only...

...people are only speaking backwards. It takes several minutes for my brain to pick up on the fact that everyone's_NATIVE tongue is now mirrored.

Dazed and disoriented, I meander through the crowds as individuals run by. I .watch as someone shoots a woman on camera, only she's not fighting back, she's smiling.

Immediately, I realize that everything I thought I knew about the world was a .lie. But why? I begin to sprint in the direction of the library. Perhaps there's a book or some other lore that can explain.

"Stop!" a panicked voice cries out. It's Mom. "Honey, you can't run! One foot in front of the other is illegal now. We have to hop!"

I do a double take. "Oh, for crying out loud... you're just as nuts as everyone else!" Hop on one foot across town? Jesus Christ, this place really has gone downhill in a day.

Hop. Hop. Hop.

I hop when the world pleases, aware that some sort of time limit is looming.

"This better not be permanent," I mumble under my breath. Jesus, I gotta hop while trying to find a lead on what happened with society? Not my idea of a good time.

No matter. Only other option at this point is to remain in hermitage until things cool down again. I race out my front door to reach a answer at the library.

No matter. Only other option at this point is to remain in hermitage until things cool down again. I race out my front door to reach a answer at the library.

No matter. Hop to it, I race my way downtown with my mom by my side, breathing heavily. "What the hell happened last night? Is the .world going fucking crazy?" I float blurt out an explanation spiced alongside profanities.

"Not exactly," she answers. "More like, the construct of reality has been taken away. Our idea of right and wrong no longer exists."

"Phooey. Welcome to whatever the fuck this place is." Her crane like neck turns in my direction. "Well, wonder bread, hopefully we will find a way back to the "normal" world."

"Bye and bye, toots. We will figure it out as time allows."