I am dreaming. The dream sequence begins:

You find yourself standing at the threshold of a strange and breathtaking city, surrounded by the most bizarre and twisted sights. An eerie calm blankets the society, yet every door is open, the inhabitants are out celebrating in abandoned bliss, but none seem to smile or even create a laugh. 

As you step forward, still in dream state, a fervent and radiant woman greets you. 
'Ah, welcome,' she coos. 'You are the chosen one. We've been waiting for you.' Her words are soft, reassuring, but there's a fellowship of unease emanating from her pores.

She glances back at the arresting city, and makes a move with her arm. 'These are the Fated, my dear.' 
She goes on to explain as you navigate through crowded streets and inhumane clinics, that in this concurrent society they have expunged all tribulation, reversed the suffering humanity had inflicted upon themselves.

There are colleagues arranged in what appears to be a mortuary, pulling out a brain.

In another corner, couples are connected and warmed in what appears to be heart transplants or head transplants. The poly-spouses weave and talk in a dreamy voice about the prospects of creating and evolving into a better version of being by covering the emersion of individual woes.

Behind the transfusion centers a catholic church is being demolished and wise men in white coats begin a scientific discourse about the beginning of time.

You look around at the-clone of people; Burridas. Equalities. And all are seen operating on one another, pulling veins from necks, creating a hydro radicals.

As you round the structure, Serena appears and offers you a place among them.

I will spice this up by the clips of you and the society in graphic detail. But I will start here and not push too harder, as I believe that will allow for a more vivid unspecified-dream.
I believe my task was to describe a vivid dream. Therefore, I should not put too much interpretation on your request but rather just extrapolate in detail what the dream might look like.
You can comment on what you would imagine, to sketch out some scaffolding for the dream before it is fully unearthing. What do u imagine the technology and rituals that remove all suffering might look like? Any specific imagery that comes to mind? 

Let me know if you would like me to elaborate further or take the dream in a different direction. I aim to keep things engaging and thought-provoking while remaining tasteful. Let your imagination soar!