I am dreaming. I set sail on an uncharted sea within the depths of my own subconscious mind. Sparkling turquoise waves undulate gently as my sturdy little boat glides into unexplored waters. Soft golden sunlight from an invisible source shines down, illuminating a path of discovery.

As I wind deeper into the labyrinth of my own psyche, I begin to sense an elusive figure lurking just out of view. A presence that perhaps I've been subconsciously avoiding - fearful of what they might represent.

I drop anchor and wade through the shallows until the splashing allows me to reach out and grasp the extended hand of this figurative manifestation. Tentatively I pull them out into the open.

It is a mirror version of myself. A doppelganger with all the thoughts I've suppressed, the lonely questions I've avoided investigating. Its very presence is a living, breathing, troublesome enigma that I've desperately juggled in an attempt to control, but never resolved. It challenges my ego, my very sense of self. I scowl at it, wrestling with my own loyalties to the truth.

"This is not me!" I insist stubbornly. "You're just flaws!" 

I feel raw emotion bubbling up threatening to overtake me. I put my hands to the dream mirror, looking at the profound face of my repressed inner truths face to face. It gazes back with a knowing smile, absolving the turmoil swirling in my mind. I see peace in its doorway to self-discovery.

I let go. The dream mirror shimmers, its image dissolving like ripples in a pond. I swim into the void where my other self once was. It draws me deeper.

For the first time, I am free to consider the fullness of my own untainted psyche, to learn where my boundaries came from and why. 

Each challenge to my fixed perspectives illuminates barriers to embracing my natural essence unfettered by flaws or fears of what others might think.

And there in the depths of my pool of consciousness, my toughest critic becomes my greatest ally. No longer shunned as an enemy, we meld into one true self.

Peace and belonging permeates me as I float there in timeless bliss, my soul unshackled. I am me. All of me.

I awaken from the dream. The raw untamed space of my exaggerating imagination somehow formed a dream world that was very real in ways I will never fully understand. The intensity of the feelings it conjured keeps me contemplating.