I am dreaming. *Wave of crimson swells.* Lying awake each night in a bed of granite, I writhe with sweat-drenched fever dreams. In these tenebrous visions, I am always racing, always straining to win, to succeed, to make my blinded father proud. Half-conscious, mumbling incoherent whispers to an absent father in a long abandoned crusade.

I dream in shades and shadows. Always against the clock. Sprinting through civilization as it decays to rust and crumbling concrete monuments. Chasing after a finish that perpetually recedes. Leaping over craters, bounding up tilting roofs, diving through shattered skylights in pursuit of a hazy promise beyond the horizon.

But it doesn't matter how fast or far I run, sprint, soar. I can never reach it, can never catch up. The end always remains an elusive haze shimmering in the distance. The clock clacks away, a remorseless metronome, as my legs burn and lungs seize, until I collapse or wake in exhaustion, muscles twitching.

A constant stifling dread gnaws my gut in lightless comfortless sleep, robbing me of peace like a sweatshop kidnapper. Racing, racing, always racing. My drug, my vice, my twisted religion. I've sacrificed intimacy, friendship, health, happiness, everything to the trivial altar of juniper.

I live for three fairytale minutes a four-year cycle. Yet even that selfish distorted goal remains a foggy delusion I can never attain. Not even on a stage watched by billions, not even straddled by the blond crusade. Never. The apparatus lies, my body lies. It's all a grandiose pantomime of futility, ending only in waste and shame.

I'm not angry. I'm past anger, past ignorance, past betrayal. I'm just - numb. Empty. The deep numbness of dozens of marathons without respite, running from light fading to shadow. Till nothing remains but this gutted, hollow, senseless feeling. The fulfillment of my destiny lure luring me further and faster and worse, always worse, pursuing that cruel rude point.

Panting, I rise from rat-eared sheets and shuffle to the open window ledge, standing on its sill with toes curled, the !***.*** higher he summits the cy spole slide ***I ground far below looming in my preternaturally highly depth perception & My dementia him for h iii my to over great firmament pctun. 

 Spojanal proteomic protim rob diebreakme. Burrun@NgModule<|reserved_special_token_117|>

Aut gfindcit dream slugg O deiligencefull culledoff the previoptimized-performance modeul biusterityMD(av.