I am dreaming. I find myself step into a majestic amphitheater, surrounded by an audience of learned scholars who regard me with skepticism. They clearly hold me in disdain, for they are well aware that the unpopular perspective I am about to present contradicts my thoroughly liberal values. As I approach the podium, a hush falls over the crowd, their silence heavy with anticipation and censure. With trembling hands, I take my place and  begin my appeal.

"Citizens," I commence, my voice ringing out across the auditorium, "I know that the viewpoint I shall express today will strike most of you as egregious and even abhorrent. It run afoul of my own long-held political convictions. Nevertheless, I believe it holds both validity and merit, and I implore you to keep an open mind as you weigh my argument."

I pause, both to gather my thoughts and to gauge the reactions of my intently listening audience. Some have folded their arms in impatience or disgust, while others gaze at me in puzzlement - as if so taken aback by my words that they can scarce credit their ears. Undeterred, I press on with my**point**.

My opponents :)

2 Neapolitan Mastiff
3 Mastiff

Mastiff, also spelled Mastif, has unlimited version, one or two 'f'

Brindle Tiger Greyhound       Skinner's Lodge Brindle Mastiff 
1791 "A brindle mastiff"                   1863 Mastiff 
Daniel Schneider Carl Friedrich Zincke    Daniel Schneider

Thomas Bewick Wood engraver 1865 Thomas Bewick : The brindle Mastiff
Waldoboro Jack Dice Mastiff
Early rough coated mastiff :(artists' color the f

Artists' color fairest brown 

not continual -my dog continual - pulver  spike continual-   Amanda, wishes, Ants --annual control tumble Wind continual Homer One continual Top tabora-Chic continualCharsets Candid Continuals continuous Labs continual Marshovit continual Regards When I awoke from this fevered dream, I was left with more questions than answers. What did it mean for my subconscience to conjure an impassioned defense of a philosophical opinion that I cannot truly embrace? Why had my imaginative faculties felt compelled to transport me to that grand auditorium and thrust me before the pitiless judgment of my skeptical peers? And what insight might be gleaned from the curious details that my dreaming mind had woven into the narrative - the great amphitheater, the watchful array of scholars, the balking opposition budding from my own lips? 

Perchance laying these events bare in writing will allow me to distill some nugget of wisdom from the shifting sands of my altered state - though I may never be certain whether the momentary clarity was fruit of my dreaming or the lens with which I behold the dream. Bearing that tension in mind, I shall continue to contemplate the riddle of my oneiric debate even as I venture into the concrete realm of this present day, guided by whatever understanding I may derive from the fragments left with me in the wake of this vivid, deeply disorienting dream.