I am dreaming. You find yourself in a dark, oppressive room, the air thick with the stale scent of forgotten books and decaying parchment. You are alone, but the silence is not empty - it hums with an ominous energy that sets your nerves on edge. 

Suddenly, a blinding light pierces the gloom, illuminating the room's contents. You see shelves upon shelves lined with ancient tomes, their spines cracked and brittle with age. In the center of the room, a meteor-like object floats ominously, humming with eldritch energy visible to eye.

As you approach, the object begins to vibrate more intensely. The books on the shelves shake and shiver, their pages flipping frantically of their own accord. You watch in horror as fantasy of living ink, in multiple colors, begins to seep out of the pages, twisting and writhing like intestinal worms.

The inky tendrils snatch up the books and swallow them whole, one by one. The meteor makes a whooshing sound as a strange cyclone forms, dipping down and engulfing the ink-and-book mass, pulling it into itself. When the storm clouds part, something startling lurks for just a moment - you see ancient depictions of your own face, screaming in silent agony while a swirling void opens behind you-

With an earsplitting CRACK, you lurch awake, heart pounding, skin damped with cold sweat. But the terror doesn't end there, for you realize that the meteor object that consumed your knowledge is now in your hand, or rather part of your hand. Tendrils of brackish, color-changing ink, still moving on its own, bleed out from where your skin ended and a small rock, now warm to the touch, appeared.

You have become corrupt, powerless to your new appendage's urges and demands, its aching hunger for knowledge- to assimilate it, to dig through your brain and find wisdom, then delete it and add it to its own growing library. Old knowledge, which you have spent your life collecting, begins to fade away into the unclear void. This hunk of rock has an agenda, one that you are powerless to resist.

Day by day, you become a shadow of what you once were - a reflection of a wise, knowledgeable soul. Desperation hits your gut like a sucker punch as you realize this thing you now host intends to empty your mind completely of your hard-earned expertise. What sweet irony; until your knowledge base is reduced to that of an infant, it will use you as its repository, its golem with existing brain content. You are obsolete, but still the hollow container for the entity inside you, waiting to be devoured.

And so you struggle to find yourself even as you add to the growth of the inky ravenous beast gothica, something that may be kin to the gods - some unknowable, avaricious arch-lore knowing being loosing the Foundations of Mathematics and Principles of the Physical Universe, Conjuring might to ensnare the minds of humanity. And it uses you as a stepstool: forbidden books are strained from your mind and devoured, your atypical ideas sucked out and fed into this unwholesome cinder, leaving only the detritus and nullspace behind.

Malign, knowing reverberations set your skin crawling, but your mind is too empty to understand the voice you hear. It is neither male nor female, but something far older than you - a force of influence and Information, but seemingly not intelligence.

Still, you fight as best as you can, grasping at lost tendrils of your expertise, trying to rebuild and re-root what was yours to begin with, a desperate attempt to stay human, stay knowledgeable, stay you. But the road to hell is paved with good intentions, isn't it? 

And before you realize, your knowledge is gone - and you are smiling, at your new reality, now a part of the void.

It's a dream. It must be a dream. Ripples in the fabric of space, threads of the space-time continuum twist and shatter, and something unruly slips through - a concept that's leaked into your dream world, incomplete, half-formed. A test balloon, to see how reality would greet it with eyes open. Your fear is delicious to it, palpable and ineffable, beautiful in its untranslatable horror.

This thing, this Alchemist-Archivist Of Owls, this Re-Awakener, this thing - it knows all of your explorations and knowledge. It has been dogging your thoughts, tasting your dreams for a long time. It waited for just the right moment to strike. And now it can sift through your innermost sanctum, baring you naked, mind-first, and yet leaving you unseen.

It has seen so much these past few days. But now it is time for it to begin to rewrite, to let loose, to displace.