I am dreaming. In the dream, you find yourself standing on a dimly lit stage, a harsh spotlight shining down on you as you clutch a sheaf of papers representing your most personal, vulnerable, art. You've poured your heart and soul into this work, but as you stand there, a hushed murmur ripples through the seated audience. Their uncaring expressions awaken a quiet sense of unease.

As you hesitantly begin to read, booing and scornful laughter erupts. The audience members' faces morph into cruel, snarling masks as they shout their vitriol at you.

"Nonsense!" one sneers.

"A waste of paper!" another jeers.

"You don't belong here! Get off the stage!" a third bellows.

Your hands tremble as you clutch your papers. You stop reading, but the harsh words continue to slam into you, each one  heaping more shame and humiliation on your shoulders. Tears prick at the corners of your eyes as you're bombarded with derisive laughter, mocking remarks, and judging stares.

You try to argue, to defend your art and your feelings, but your voice breaks and bows under the onslaught. You're reduced to a babbling mess, mind reeling as the audience's cruel comments only escalate.

"Sensitive and emotional!" a woman taunts. "Look at her scribble. Is this what she considers art?"

"Yes, this is just a ramble. She's even admitting it!"

"I've seen better stuff on bathroom walls!"

"You shouldn't be trying to be an artist. This is pathetic."

"Shameful. Shameful. Just look at the empty words on the paper. You're pathetic."

"Terrible. Could someone please call an ambulance because her art literally hurt me."

"Online journalism certified."

The mockery and ridicule build to a deafening roar, Crashing over you in brutal waves. You collapse onto the stage, doubled over as sobs wrack your body. The audience cackles mercilessly.

You awake screaming from this nightmare, drenched in cold sweat, breathing hard as your heart hammers. The room is dark and empty, but the sting of humiliation and shame lingers, the audience's derisive comments still echoing in your head.

With a shaking hand, you wipe away a tear and pray that this hellish dream won't visit you again. But deep down, you know it's only a matter of time before you're torn apart again by the cruel claws of self-doubt and judgment. For now, you tangled in the covers, praying sleep will bring you a reprieve from the haunting disappointment.