I am dreaming. As I find myself in this ever-shifting realm, the ground beneath my feet pulsates with an otherworldly energy, cycling through hues of deep violet, luminous emerald, and fiery orange with each step. Towering elemental pillars sprout from the earth, composed of undulating crystals that shimmer and dance in some unearthly light source.

The air swirls around me like liquid mercury, morphing into unfamiliar but mesmerizing geometric patterns as they drift by. Whispering echoes of laughter and distant melodies are carried on the breeze, languages long forgotten and melodies from realities yet unreal.

As I wander further into this kaleidoscopic dreamscape, the ground slowly transforms into a mirrored plane, reflecting shards of light back at me. Hunting down their source, I spy a blank canvas, floating serenely against the backdrop of this chaotic beauty.

Unlike the dynamic veneer encoding everything else in this realm, the canvas remains a serene void of unspoiled potential, its edges fraying and coming into existence, more like something growing than a creation. Upon closer inspection, I can see miniscule motes of luminosity, dancing just below its surface, surging and swelling in anticipation.

"Why are you here?"

The words blossom from the canvas in a soft feminine voice, the warmth of lavender and jasmine drifting into the air like a lover's breath in my ear. 

"To dream," I reply without hesitation. "To create."

The canvas sighs, a rustling whisper of parchment and the wind through autumn leaves.

"Then step closer, dreamer. The colours of your heart are calling."

With a tentative hand, I reach out to feel the pulsating energy rolling off the canvas.

"Don't touch - experience."

I draw my hand back, shrugged into humility by the magnitude of the task before me.

The glow intensifies, the motes of light multiplying until the crowd swells into a recognizable shape.

A paintbrush, the handle sleek and agate, bouqueted with bristles of shimmering silver.

"It's your turn now, dreamer. Paint me a dream and I will grant you passage."

I hesitate for a moment. I stand before a universe on a canvas in the purest sense of the words. The idea of a single, solid form was a ridiculous proposition. No painting could contain the splendor of this place. So I dip the brush in the unknown and let the colors wash over me, through me, splatterings of celestial bodies and the heretics that painted them smeared across the canvas, a deviant work of stroking genius.

I paint the unmakeable. I create a dream of nothing and in doing so arrived at the most brilliant painting in the universe, a masterpiece from the mind of a dream.

And so the canvas parts like streets in a FarFarAway town, repaving the path before me on a tidemain down a strait passage in the land of pure nothing, where not even a canvas dares taints the purest form of somnambulism.

And I dream forever more.