I am dreaming. As I find myself lost in the vast expanse of my subconscious, a vision of compassion and kindness takes shape before my eyes. Picture a stormy night, rain pounding relentlessly against the ground. Someone here, a young woman, doesn't let the suffocating cold deter her. She walks and walks, trudging through the water, until she spots a tiny figure huddled underneath an alley canopy. The woman approaches the figure, her eyes adjusting to the dim light, and realizes that what she first thought to be a discarded pile of dirty clothes is in fact a person. This person is frail and weak, and looks to be homeless. 

The woman's heart instantly softens at this pitiful sight. She gently reaches out to the person, to see if they are responsive. The person opens their eyes, revealing sunken determination no longer prevalent in them. When they hear the woman's voice they tell them that they've been on the streets for years and lost all hope that life used to hold. 

I can see the sorrow on her face, and the desperate need for comfort and hope in this poor soul. Not once does the woman's expression change, but her eyes gleam further with an inner light. I can see her perspective change. She no longer sees a smelly homeless person, but she sees a human being, in need of help. With the utmost care, she sits down beside the person.

She rummages through her bag, unearthing a umber jacket, a scarf, woolen gloves and hand warmers. She then sits down beside the person and, with great care, wraps them in the jacket, puts the mitts in their hands, and the hand warmers in their socks. Her bags of food she gives them to eat but not all the food, knowing as she does that he might get sick if he eats too much after days of fasting. She sits there all through the night, an angel guiding him through the cold and watching over him as his body is nourished for the first time in a long time.

When the first rays of the sun finally pierce the horizon, the woman takes the person's hand, and guides him to a place where he can fill his stomach and fill his body with medication which he no longer had the money to buy. She stays it in contact with him until the person gets a proper full and well paying job. Not once did the woman stop. She watched over him till the day he crossed his threshold and the day he moved into his own place of living, provably bathing his first bath after years, and wearing fresh clean clothes. And so the young lady had turned a person's life around onto a positive path with love and her imaginative mind."